TERROR OVERRISING IS PRETTY FKIN LEGIT. GOOGLE IT (:
lol naw you know you my nig. You just too trill for some people I guess.
He () makes a mean terrine, but Chef Aldo makes some amazing charcuterie!
tell Brandon I love him.
Yes! Looks amazing Cottrell
I cant go one more day without my car smh....
Amen! Have you seen them in concert? Best of You live is awesome!
: terrible, but spectacular.
LOL, LOVE IT!
Just got the new that my school will be using Discovery Science online program next year. I am SO excited!
Ok the Gruner Veltliner pretty good with no food, ok we forgot to eat, sorry, will try again with food.
If China doesn't play by the rules, why should the US stick to them when dealing with China?
just FEB and MARCH can't leave it there in April no way.
7 hours on the bike yesterday in 40 degree temps with rain and wind wasn't bad with the help of Mellow Heat FTW!
The title of my book is the name of the female lead. The cover art was done by the artist at
Looking forward to learning from for the Data Panel Discussion on May 16 at 2PM
So I want my career to be something where I make people smile because it makes my day when I make someone smile.
vodka $6 oj $3 puking next to at work
hahaha that's messed up
Why can't I sign into TBD?
i don't like you anymore >=(
i had a dream last night that i was in the UK but still in my room...so i guess my house was chillin in the back streets of london
When Mos Wanted danced to give me everything I almost started crying #ItsAnICONiacThing <3
"$1000 level: one pound of my fat, and a square inch of skin."
If we could go back two weeks so this never happened, I would be so* happy<3
Win a spot at our Seminar TONIGHT at 6:30PM with Nicole Wichinsky of DGRW! Just answer our trivia question at 1PM today!!
The conversations me and have. >
#KSsynapse Zoghbi: Knocking MeCP2 out in GABAergic neurons is one model that recapitulates almost all human Rett phenotypes (not anxiety.)
Successful teams leave ego, petty issues etc at the door and focus on a shared mission and come together to execute with excellence
at #ces #kap2012 - "Half the Sky" Facebook game - micro transactions fund real life NGOs. Buy a virtual goat; give a real one.
it was priceless.
almost 70,000 followers bby c: i feel like a proud mother..
#SignsYouLostAFight you say "you good?" when you're down
don't trip, I love your new tat!
You can eat food right? You can wipe your ass right? Then you can play golf
Because junior high and high school are the ONLY two categories I could possibly be placed in
Brooklyn New York City - Video tour of a vacation rental on Sherman StreetProspect Park - end tables living room
:) RT : "I really like his books. He has self-defecating humor."
This reminded me of you lol --------> : ❑ TAKEN ❑ SINGLE ✔Mentally dating my crush who doesnt know i exist.... yet.
Just left prime; now steak and shake with the girls <3
Waddup man.. It's been a minute. You good?
Mom: Y U NO MAKE YO BED Me: Maybe cuz there is no point when im going to mess it up again later???
thank you.(;
coming soon im watching the end of the game then ill switch it when i log onto my comp
Back off to Bradford Beach!
BOOMSHAKALAKA RT : If everyone lived like an American only 1.4 billion could live on the planet.
Think of how much mass is lost when you cut just white flour out of your diet. white flour is metabolized...
The best moment of the oscars happened on the red carpet. You know what I'm talking about. #amIright?
its going to be AMAZING.
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough
Do they sound familiar? played the original score for the film 'Requiem for a Dream'
is that Rambo?
It's lunchtime...arroz con pollo today! With a side of black beans. Also, guacamole blt and lentil soup.
I miss you and it kills me.
I hate it already.
Passion is our consolation for mortality. Real success is finding something you love and doing the hell out of it. - Elle Newmark
BWPkwy CLOSED NORTHBOUND after MD-197 due to an accident
Sorry people from Somerville aren't allowed, you have to know the secret Bostonian password..
Why wait for Mothers Day to take mom for a boat ride? Sam Patch sails at noon and 2 today. A pretty day for a pretty ride
how's your head? Becaise you're being a douche bag lately.
Jus like in the movies baby, ima come to the rescue
My baby needs to get better :c
Aww, you should have stopped in for some fries!
FRONT AND CENTER BABY!!!!! :D
That is the last way I'd want to wind up on the cover of Time magazine.
EXACTLY. and a spanish & ss test on the same day :/
hrithik. pick a harder one next time
Goodbye Artpace San Antonio, hello Mexic-Arte Museum Austin!
I'm looking at Arizona skies but Cali is definitely home :)
The truth? I tried as hard as I could. I took as much as I could take. I put up with all I could. And it still wasn't enough.
good morning! Always good to see you here at the station.
julia! julia! julia!
Happy valentines day ladies
Oh look, there's a globe of an unknown white powder on U Street (14th to 11th) sidewalk.
#poem Density of nightmares is measured by teaspoons made of lead molded from the eye sockets of baby skulls.
Seriously you are in your twenties, grow up and stop causing H.S. drama. You have a problem w/me come talk to me directly.
": Keep your head.. heels.. and standards high."
Had an amazing workout today.
2 hours left until we pitch our business! things are looking good, and we have sustainable market verification. HOLLA!
Lubbock bound!! Come hang out at the tonght if you're in the area ;)
dude, the creature is jacked!
We're looking to upgrade into a few decent / fast / wide lenses before the end of the year. Any recommendations for a #Canon #EOS mount?
I already have. Test: would you bitch more about a girl trying to care about a team you love? Or not even bothering?
I will be on Red Rivers Live at Red River Radio today with Host Dellani Oakes and guest Mitch Haynes at 12 noon central time.
jasmine jasmine jasmine lmao
The #momsFF team is using our to stay in touch and navigate this years
Hosting "World Series of Paradizzle" tonight. It's of the leash!
SB 174 moved to the foot of the calendar
Barbara Fiorentino is casting 16 Roles for the film "AWOL." Details for each role and where to submit in the Actsophia app. Try for free!
Damn my pandora is on it tonight
hi :) I just wanted ask if you can give me an advice on how to be a better dancer :) ? Please RT thanks :D
He's Fucked Up! I Want You Grizz!
Great! Glad you're loving it! :)
Right back atcha sugar!
Sony is launching a networked home media storage device called "nasne" featuring a 500G hard drive that allows users to store content throu…
After second-guessing myself a million times, my entry is officially submitted! Any idea when/where the judging will be?
Let's all say something nice to everyone we pass today.
was that at the Met? It looks familiar
Tip: queries are more than visits, you need to factor in emails & any service using DNS on your domain. Let us know if we can help.
Posey, Herron, and Mike Adams for sure and probably a few others..
i agree but the movie will sTill be Good cause it's the HUNGER GAMES
SO shady. Google removed the "Google Wage" email from my Gmail inbox.
DUES are due NOW! Make sure you pay by midnight or you won't be going to formal!
Had a good time at the Aug. 11 meet up in Royal Oak, MI. Got to talk to students & grads from 3 different library schools!
How many toll booths were destroyed in the Earthquake in IL? Did Wrigley crumble & fall apart?
occasionally, shopping is exciting, like when swimsuit season is almost here! come hither, summer
Cinco de mayo with today! Open bar 4-7 down town Philly!
RT - Celebrating my independence by going to Cleveland w Bob Randall and Salasny to watch the #Yankees slaughter the
Obama has already slaughtered three dictators!!! How many did Bush slaughter without a trial?? Zero!!! Hahaha ... you teabaggers can't hang!
Happy Birthday Baby Brother<3
Apologies to all my Aussie tweeps. Promise--no more spoilers. RT No Walking Dead spoilers pls! We're a little behind u in Oz
Good luck tomorrow best they evvaa have love ya babay!!
booth is coming together. We've got a new tent, flags, banners and the barricades featured at the #USPro and #TdF! Oh, and a TV!
no problem. :D haha
thanks for checking us out, tonight! We've got some great chats planned all summer :)
The '96 team is the best, bc of depth. But starting 5 vs st 5 I'd take 2012. '96 was 9-10 deep.
yes! Me too! It's only an inch right now... If that.
Are youu having fun with your Movie ??? I watched one about Hiv last weekk
Next on the big purchase list ... New road bike
3GNY's new webiste is live! Visit www.3gnewyork.org to learn about our group and our upcoming events
Things just got real...
They're here! is about to start.
We agree: true #CRM brings together info from all data resources within an org. to give real-time customer data. cc'
#HR wins one for the day! and What a day it has been!
Hey new friend And all the way from Africa?! Welcome! GOOD LUCK with your new release.
Maybe it was stuck at the post office for years, like the letter Marty gets at the end of Back to the Future II?
Say it ain't so! Maybe I'll unscorn them after work.
Adam Yauch, you will truly be missed. I loved the Beastie Boys from the very beginning.
alright man just hit me up later
It was really good to see her tonight... changed my day around completely
sending this out in my name. if you continue to get messages like this, please report them, so they can be banned from this site. thanks
Jeff, Jillian, lauren makes a great show that should be the new GDLA they should move Dorothy Lucey to 4am
can u get Austin to follow me plz
seen an advert today that said kills bugs dead.. oh..
Please, less about surgery. More about daily lives.
I have had a blast at #PLA12 - it has been great to meet fellow twitter librarians in person
Business Professionals of America National President! Congrats
I wonder if I'll be a bobblehead statue.
Heading to Stonewall with for a daylong of #NatGas discussion. Great things are happening in #WV due to #Marcellus Shale #drilling!
Love it! Have fun!
its okk! But do u like hhim?
I am exhausted. I need a vacation!
good morning everyone!!!!
The man said 'I PERSONALLY don't have a problem with it, but its up to the individual states to decide this issue' . . .
im so swole that the salad bar opened right after I ordered.
“: lmao read my twitter name and that is my response”>>lmao!!!
The day is going by too quickly, trying to get everything finished up before another amazing weekend!
I think vacating wins from past seasons is one of the most meaningless punishments possible. It honestly means nothing.
Crazy.. u makeup an arguement on purpose cuz u KNO wats gonna happen next *ohYea*
The Jingle Bells and Special Program were a big hit with my 3 year old this morning. GREAT IDEA! Thank you so much!
Have a great Halloween weekend! Happy Halloween!!!!!!
I'd say #Giants got it. As hard as it is for me to say it, Patriots got it all locked up.
I try but its so hard
Q: Ever take talents within hospital, ie surgeons, for granted?
obviously your Dominican lol
Cris Carter said "i put a lil change on his head" ... Too trill
my lady tells me all the time she wants to strap up on me.... Idk?
ya cuz since it gets hotter over here earlier like in spring time skewl ends at like the end of may
HaHa! I would have guessed that! Especially since they are teens! They all love Johnny Depp....and Tim Burton, too.
Can't sleep -.-
So, I guess everyone's doing the kettle bell thing, eh? Centuries of advancement in strength training and we're back to lifting stones.
Anne Meara just called me her Scottish friend.
Dear First Day Of Summer, Thank you for behaving appropriately. XO, Bimbos
thanks Ellie! Glad to have played a small role.
Its Wednesday, you know what that means?? 50% off all bottles of wine under $100! Your Welcome. :)
That's not Ben Revere? RT : There's a squirrel on the field at Coors. Anyone know his Twitter?
Surf's Up! Check out the newest warmer and tango tangerine, um!
with the #win!
Could you be any more lovely, darling?
A goal without a plan is just a wish. Antoine de Saint-Exupery
love you blink black + twink
Please everyone we need your help!
A day of extremes, a real tragedy in my work community this morning, some personal good news this afternoon. Trying to find equanimity.
Sick! Duncan texting me right after practice, I think he loves me..
ah! Yayyy! Have so much fun!
YAAAAAAAYYYYYYY !!! Better thank me wouldn't have gotten it if it weren't for me ;) Hahaha jk
I really enjoyed it as picked up the book. Also blogged about it. Look forward to my family's adventures.
Have been up since 330 this morning #miserable #getmebacktobed 💤💤💤
for females, yes.
F**k exam week
B: 50% of current moms don't know how to do what? Call in to win: 313.298.9630
where's that at??? And I'm out may 22th :D I can't wait!!! But still got another year :S
I had a heart then, but the queen has been overthrown...
I read your Mom's blog about Miss Mary Helen. I'm so sorry for your loss. She sounded like a woman everyone needed to know.
i like cramps sometimes
I hope a good weekend was had by all and I hope your day is off to a great start!
beautiful photo, thanks for sharing!
what version of Polaris are you on?
YES WE CAN I LOOK AT MY PIC OF HIM ON MY CIELING EVERYTIME BEFORE I GO TO BED AND EVERYTIME I WAKE UP
Definitely Johnny & Wes. I really hope Entourage takes his name after watching this episode.
how long will you be there?
I'm making a Skype just for you hope you're worth it♥
Tonight! students oratory competition in the Dome Room of the Rotunda. 7 pm!
"Gentleness is strength under control."
rt keep hearing folks talk about it -guess i'm going to have to join the #watchscandal team lol-is it really that good?<It IS LOL
The Lord is my shepard, I shall not want.
a throwdown, a shindig, a hootenanny, you name it!
I am shocked, SHOCKED that Ryan Braun hit a homer off Bronson Arroyo
Violence is a choice a man makes and he alone is responsible for it.” - Patrick Stewart
There is a song, you probably know it, Spring can Really Get You Down The Most
#NewOrleansBowl The Cajun defense needs a goal line stand here
Omg I really want to go to #sunstweetup April 7. But I have to go to my sister wedding that day great ugh.
sweet!!!! I'm gonna stock up for Relay for Life this weekend.
There is only one young and I love everything about it whom Allah gives it to me then I want to marry him and die with him💜
It appears I've been hacked, sorry! My daughter tells me I've been talking about a miraculous weight loss. Too bad it isn't true...
A picture just fell in my living room??
oh no! Hope everything is ok! Get well soon!
At the RNC Small Biz Network ready to get informed!
Followed my followers.KEEP FOLLOWING brb
Arlo Guthrie took the stage - playing Alabama Bound, 1913 Massacre and I Hear You Sing Again. Beautiful!
What happened??
is that what we were talking about ...?
Oh it's that YouTube dad and daughter combo on #AGT. Good deal.
um punch the movie for making you cry ^^;
glad to follow you. Motivation is so important. I am happy to follow you. I will publish a book in January on motivation.
And I love because he is so easygoing and just lets things go :)
Excited for Three Fates release! Keep up the good work.
We think you are one of the most exciting musicians!!
Fascinating interview on #WeightOfTheNation An eye opening documentary on how bad nutrition is in our country. mind boggling
Never underestimate the power of passion. – Eve Sawyer
Great to hear from you as well. I look for to your tweets on my TL :)
I now have type two diabetes
yeah I had that problem too, it was hard to maintain the rich color, I'd turn brassy after like a month but I loved it fresh
It's always entertaining to see how other people's drama unfolds.
Apparently his phone doesn't want you to tell him, hahahah.
Who do you like more? #NYJets or #NYGiants?
LADIES GET FREE CIROC & WE GOT FREE WRAPS #RITZ2 FRIDAY **PLUS ITS FREE ALL NITE** #tonefide 4
Same here! Hope your day gets better. No drama here. *Hugs*
They're only beautiful in comparison to everything else that's up there.
Thank you for the RT to your followers regarding EA and Star Wars being inclusive of LGBT romance. Have a nice weekend!
Some basketball is just unwatchable...45-44 games are not enjoyable.
The answers are all inside of me.
the anticipation of the next season
WAIT! Did you guys get a referral for your China doll?
If someone wants to be a part of your life, they'll be there . Why bother saving a spot for someone who isnt willing to be there now ?
Am I the only one who is wondering why Lil Jon is making a comeback @ the AMAs, or did he never leave to begin with and I just didn't care?
I usually wake up with empty cereal bowls or empty wine bottles in my bed ... Not calculators.
The proof is in the patience
Much thanks to all u guys for following us! We appreciate it!
The answer to injustice is not to silence the critic, but to end the injustice. - Paul Robeson
Ur comments r typical Lib BS. If U can't debate issues U have 2 attack person. U & ur ilk r whats wrong in USA.
That sucks :'/.. That would be awesome tho RT : LOL. no )':
I told my little sister there was a snake in my room so shed stop going through my stuff
RT Real Eyes Realize Real Lies
Scotch and thin mints
Just woke up, turn on the TV- first words I hear "this is all part of a big Sporting day"... Gameday!
John and danny are cool
was so excited that she tweeted :) Our next mission is to get her to update her image!
Happy lazy saturday! Chillin' with the Doo and teen girl, watching spongebob.
first rule of project manatee, dont talk about
get in line.
: new iPad can work as a mobile hotspot
this is a cinco de mayo necessity!
RT : A3 There is so much confusion over what the Big East is, it has evolved into a mess of epic proportion
$.50 chicken wings for the #Superbowl at the Metro Diner. Tomorrow only.
Hooray? RT Former Florida Governor Jeb Bush endorses former Wisconsin Governor Tommy Thompson for the U.S. Senate.
I think I'm going to order me and my mom back glasses.
i should post part 7.....idk if i will tonight, i might do it tomorrow since im not going to church, i'll have time :)
last night smh #CRAZY ! i'm thinking hard about everything because one thing i hate is
Awww ❤ my convo with missed him so much....
G'morning to all of my Tweetsters! Today is a great day to fight for equality!
If you can't clear the Bong, you are doing it wrong. GET OFF MY WEED
Always take things that kids already love when camping...baseballs, dolls, games, etc.
When you cannot rejoice in feelings, circumstances or conditions, rejoice in the Lord. A B Simpsom
Thanks for coming to the show last night everyone!!! You guys are always appreciated!!!! Xoxo, --BA
I like the trade...if Kalish is healthy, reddick is expendable.
am I invited to your big party or
Heres a look at my latest 'Character' reel featuring scenes from the movies Don't Shoot the Pharmacist, The Cure All Blues & A Way Out
That's why I use my iPod instead now
Why'd Sam block ? It's all over my timeline. Lol
fake as hell
Qrazy Panda is a new innovative daily deal site that allows you to party with a purpose with your QR electronic ticket to nightlife.
#Parenting articles on my blog at http:/BCSpeech.ca
Big shipment of designer overstock priced 75% off hits Filene's Basement Sunday March 22. Apparel for men and women, shoes, bags, etc.
same ole same
I just bought H20 balloons the other day! I think it's a sign that a water balloon fight is in order...
#IKnewItWasOverWhen you acted like such a fucktard!!! By the by and not washing your hands
Had a great time at Marquee!
#SHOUTOUT to my friend <3 follow her.
Last day. Junior year, you were awful. I hate you. Upcoming juniors, good luck.
both are good schools :))
no worries
New cd "Our Time" released Friday Night in Dayton, Ohio I will be performing all weekend with
mehh you said you wernt comming back so i stayed off for a bit D:
*is rt": Texas weather be bipolar!"
Encouraging trend: 35 #Kindle Bestsellers above $10 today. Most since late November.
Twitter on the computer is way more confusing than on my phone.
I consider the final piece to the #Brewers puzzle. Ha! Joe's still on a winner!
"Fathers be qood to your dauqhters, Dauqhters will love like you do, So fathers be qood to your dauqhters." -- John Mayer (P.S. I <3 Him!!:)
Thanks to everyone for all of the positive energy and support over the last month. We love designing new products, and you're the reason!
Rehearsal dinner officially booked at Le Colonial!
Just got done with sound check for the senior choice awards. Should be a great time! Hope to see everyone here!!
#thatawkwardmoment when we are all in high school and 90% of us don't still know the difference between "your" and "you're." EMBARRASSING
"this is irritating." SALLY DRAPER MY QUEEN.
Rainy days suck...
thanks for that link! I'll check it out.
Eyes burning is your body's way of saying "Idiot you should go to sleep right now. No not in 5 minutes, now."
I will definitely blog about it... after I finish a contract.
I know
thanks. we're big fans btw.
Touche. Rudy is just really having a rough series, you can tell these are his first playoff games.
Folk Marathon week! It's gonna be a good time. Where's your dial tuned?
you sing! Omg for real?! :D
That was my thought too. Just dumb on his part.
QUE LINDA <3 ohh i love you honey
I am really curious if this new wave of interactive, devised, and non traditional storytelling is the future
I know, GCB, Ringer and Secret Circle. All good shows, all pulled. Ringer was lower ratings but pulled because SMG preggers
happy to contribute and glad to heard that the material is at the right level and not too challenging
Name a pair of more amazingly versatile spices than fresh-cracked salt & black pepper. Go!
good afternoon (:
French fries dipped in the milk shake for sure! YUM
Thanks for adding my site (dailypayne.com) to your list!
Please check your email ;) I just sent you an email regarding your Road Rash games! Thanks!
Game 7 comes down to Pau Gasol and Andrew Bynum. Simple as that
Yay another day lyin in my bed not going to school woopwoop , but still cant walk right :( !!!
Did you know you can shop directly from our Facebook page & from your mobile phone? Spreading the Fancy is so easy, how could you not?
WAY TO GO KNIGHTS! LOVE YALL <3
Can i go home now or??
(500) Days of Summer
my face!!! hahaha
Happy 4th of July everyone!
well, I once stabbed a man for a Color Me Badd cassette tape, so perhaps I'm not the best person to ask.
Everything does is fucking dope.
Smoking while you're pregnant, don't explain it to me, but to the unborn child you're fucking up.
Im still wondering what to get Kike for his bday....
Humanity is surely doomed if someone can get a pimple as bad as the one on my forehead.
Lacking motivation today...
Hey! You there? You hungry? Yea you are....FOODTRUCKS at Morningstar on 124 St. & 72 Ave. It smells reallllllyyy god. Be there!
fuck it!!! its on now!
Happy Birthday to Marty and Ryan. North Park, brace yourselves. 2 bikes pedaling through town. Here we come!!!
Dude at the ballgame has a jersey. I didn't even know those got made.
Ratchet as Hell lmao
The greatest weakness of most humans is their hesitancy to tell others how much they love them while they're still alive. - Orlando Battista
I think Jeffery is destined to be a Bengal. Thugish ruggish baby
I'm gonna report the shit out of this whore
You make me smile. Combine that with the fact that we share a name, and you may be one of my favorite people.
Signing on for a solo show at Findlay Market!
It's odd though, cuz to me when I see the title I see some humor and yes Jesus is part of the title, which is a powerful name.
great song
Lots of places use BMI. Are you OK?
my phone dying so just text me :o
Appointeeship and Deputyship - The most important services you have... With increased focus on the treatment of vulnerable adults The Mon
": God I hope Rickie is back tomorrow. I don't think I can stand watching another Brooks Conrad AB. Weeks not much better.
haha he's talking about how people in one country can't have sex and how his hair make girls wet
You say you'll always be there but why do I keep losing faith?
Hopefully not the calm before the storm! RT : That might have been the calmest Monday in months. Here's hoping things stay...
#CopperMnt is cold under clear skies, a little windy, around 10 degrees I think.
just found a ton of expired ink cartridges from Pike's HP days.. can we recycle??
If I had a magic wand that could eradicate three things that cause human suffering it would be aids, famine, and meathead rock.
You generally feel unqualified delight, ?
Good morning from PA!! Flying by to say hello. Hope you have a great week. Wishing you all the best. Take care.
shoutout to and Monica in the U.K. u guys are reem. lol.
If your thinking is sloppy, your business would be sloppy. If you're disorganised, your business would be disorganised.
Learn Bodybuilding with Elite Personal Trainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club
After M. Mitchell, stay tuned to #AmericanMasters for the mysterious life of Harper Lee, author of "To Kill A Mockingbird". At 9 on MPTV 10.
RT You smile,I melt.
u guys think some potatoe chips would cancel out my 40 minute run?
twitter is being a bitch -_____________________-
Ya'll sounds like we would be meeting in W Virginia
Today we are playing on Merritt Island to benefit along with 8 other bands! Come support a great local organization!
most definitely.
loved the show tonight. Wish I could have got that pic with you though. Xoxo
I know you can relate. And, luckily, I have friends like you in Houston. (We need a non-work catch up. Like when?)
So excited to join the cast of Saltwater. An awesome new film by Ronnie Kerr!!!
US warns citizens of the risk of traveling to Ak-Ibom, Delta, Bayelsa, Rivers, Imo, Abia, Edo, Plateau, Bauchi, Borno & the Gulf of Guinea"
. took silver in Baltic Porter!
I kid you not - "Nourishment is now being served in the break room."
God say its gone be days like this but DAMN I aint know it was gone be like this....
Doug Collins: "[Kevin[ Garnett, I've never seen him play better."
Downton Abbey always makes me anxious, angry, and (especially tonight) incredibly sad. In other words, it's a really good series.
guess who will be in NYC the first week of February?! Power brunch please!
Jake, its over. And what do you mean tricked? No one tricked you.
Researchers mod computer to copy cat human motions
Can anyone tell me their favorite Ipad twitter ap? Ones I have seen dont have all the full functions.
Summers are hot, and the sun can be blinding on drivers.
dude..this sucks...i dont know what to tweet...blahh
“: All the other trends are irrelevant. #teenwolfseason2 should be trending.” AGREE
LOL!! Yeah that was a pretty big deal up here eh? =)
Not gonna lie , I'm feelin my hair today
dammit i need u
ya ve don charlie no sea tan codo
awww so sweet. I live YOU
And now, Ducks
retweet if u cant wait to see on 106&park today!
hope you got the pic
I can't wait to give my friends and family their gifts so I can show them how rich I am. Presents are the reason for the season.
stay strong throughout this week, its gonna be fucking crazy but it'll be over with in no time
Follow me and ill follow back and give a shout out..
HA! Ya I almost passed out...
I hate to wait..
100 rounds flew by!
Mercury has long been known for creating zombies. Or as Bertrand Russell would say People Who Would Not Challenge Authority. Teeth or Inject
your a noob and your tweets are wrong and against my beliefs.
People are Christmas shopping, no I'm not making this up.
Celebrating my grandma's 90th birthday today!
hahaha , not you !
And it's not hometown bias. I ABSOLUTELY CAPS INTENDED can't stand Favre. A terrible ending to a career.
Rack City Bitch !
hahaha I think they are trying to torture us!!!! 0_0
Thanks for the RT, Jes!! And the sweet compliment. :-)
It's the story of a town and of a marriage. And it's gets that right in a way that no other show ever has.
I might be stuck at school tomorrow.... Great -___-
so sweet
Now that was a hockey game.
what does MT mean?
Haha, yep! Our whole office rocks the Air and we're in LOVE!!!
win. You shall be added momentarily, mine is Koshertest
Friendly advice: When submitting a track to the AAJ dotd, consider adding the musician personnel to the "track description" section.
Then she told me it has Christian Slater in it. OK, I'LL WATCH IT, BUT ONLY CAUSE I'M FREAKING IN LOVE WITH THAT GUY.
#YouKnowWhatsAnnoying is when people think my tweets and/or status updates are about them.smh.That shit didn't have nothing to do with you!!
Just got my hair cut
Any djs out there wanna get my exclusive mashes/remixes sent to your inbox, hit up my email with yours. Thanks.
They are due to the registrar by May 7th but they can be earlier depending on the professor. Good luck!
Nommm...steak plate w/ mashed potatos and mac&cheese :) Now back to work...
slowly coming to terms with the idea that and will soon be at the same meeting but I will be only somewhat nearby. :/
WebKit decides to use Thorn going forward?
swag? Or tchochskies? (not the correct spelling)
Looking for companies needing the Clean Genome E. coli technology. NO IS
#Joplin is asking medical professionals NOT to self-deploy.
Sunny California awaits you!
yeah but they said they would call me down on Monday for a referral and they never did I'm like whatever!!
that's either you or the love child of you and Michael Douglas
The first one looked like a good fumble, second one not so much. Both fumble plays were reviewed.
I Hope my Wishes come True...
Had a table tonight that only spoke Spanish. They were so nice to chat with me all evening. Learned some new vocabulary.
NFC-enabled posters also enable trackable data, analytics, dynamic content, information sharing...
I think 'The Beaver' would have been a far more successful film if it were shot Dogme 95 style.
time is going so slow...
Why was Sammy at the bottom of the list ? I hate how Jessi's mom smirked and Debbie was happy FU ALL Sammy's the best
So excited to go to Lake Powell. In need of a vacation
Not at all surprised that you have k-12 background. My biased sense is that profs from k-12 are stronger, more nuanced educators
upset bc I didn't get to meet you tonight/: but I met your mom and gma (:
I remember catching the bus on Florence & Normandie where the riots started.
yeah , well . Today's THE WORST DAY EVER. and I want her back ..
Building a huge box for a painting
Omg old school rolling stones! :D
Nice seeing folks last night - loved hearing about all the great projects ongoing around Madison!
MY favorite girl-JB :) and your?
thats crazy:) thank goodness for you.guys And other amazing bands <3
Waiting for my friend at the nursing office and of course, I'm sitting right by pizza!
Related: fun bike ride with a new buddy, on a gorgeous day.
Thanks for the RT!
OT in Boston! Pretty exciting matchup at the TD Garden tonight. Plus the Red Sox are pounding the Twins again
lol join da club i still aint off yet.lol bout to clock out doe!!
Shopping al day🌇💙
Someday by Alison McGhee: Someday you will appreciate your mother, but not today.
Based on your avi, I think we should start a band. Just a thought. Let it marinate.
Going to get sam then go to School in 8minutes. :/
just work these 3 jobs
Stoked to see last seasons finalists, especially !
Medicare actuary says, as always, that Medicare projections are based on big cuts that won't actually happen.
RT Success is having others think you are successful.
Thanks for the #FF love, friends! You ROCK!
Yes, I do get to Bellevue often. Loving the Bravern these days!
Careful on I-5 today... Some dude in a Quatroport talking with his parrot in the passenger seat, with me next to him tweeting while driving
Cant to tlk to him again he is so amazin i hope this goes far =] I don't like the cold but dis is winter saying Iam coming soon muhahahaha
Call us now for a blanket throw from Feathers for your pledge of support of $100! We only have one, so get your pledge in fast: 888-621-6900
O ya there was boutz to be a fight at my skool..this girl was runnin her mouth bout me so i was like bitch let's go : p
smile you son of a bitch
#Rising and #Knock are now officially wrapped! -JO
New pop politics observation that Prez. Obama is a dyslexic socialist is too funny. The Prez redistributed the wealth from Main to Wall st.
I'm done following u cause u won't follow back
love you
no!! Your a dummy!! Haha(:
This is what interns are for.
If I see Mac Miller lyrics on my timeline, I will favorite them for sure.
Mom has already marveled 3 times how the food is "good and clean." Jackie is betting 5 times by dessert.
What are you doing on Thursday? Attending #pdd2012 event? We are! We'll be live tweeting all day. Stay tuned...
Have a heart that in no way hardens, a mood that by no means tires, a touch that by no means injures.
Fav MI primary analysis: #Romney barely winning his home state is like barely winning a primary of hookers
it was ok until Wednesday. After that it was great!
I Hate The RAAIN !
Agreed. I also really like Martin Bashir on daytime He's pretty good :)
Well, don't let tech developers know about this, then marketers will really be out of work
RT : Addicted to Porn is trending? Like seriously? -.-
check out rascal flatts new single why wait, new album nov 16
I never realized how hood Ginuwine's music is until i start listening to his pandora station
Eyes shut. Its you I'm thinking of.
Who makes the red lipstick you wear? I wanted to buy some for a Mother's Day Gift.
perhaps next year, I have to be out of town this Saturday...
I miss my homie man :|!
Which way did you get it? Heartbeat from the big wheel or backdoor?
Many thanks for all the suggestions, , , and !
"If I Met One Direction ...." No Its "When I Meet One Direction.." Cus Ever1 Deservs A Chance . Specially You ' <3
we've got to get together to workout sometime before you leave , I've been slacking like the last month
I've seen so many happy people lately. I am so envious.
Kid stuff is ADORABLE! Slim pickins on my size
I'm ready to go!!!
Just when i thought there was nothing to watch on tv... Step brothers is on.
me and my older brother never get along either.. so I know how you feel.
Thanks for the follows!
put that judging finger away missy! I see it
I love our elf! Lily writes letters to Thomas every night....so cute!
Yes, magical realism. Who knows,maybe the next cup I brew will transport me to a neon planet that rains tea & crumpets!
Well played grasshopper. No. RT : So...you're providing for class tonight, then?
Where is this place you speak of?
Check-in Sniping. Real-world Klout. Reverse auctions. say u Wang car; dealers bid 4u
#nf Follow Back
sure it's just your knee? ;)
tough loss for the #Indians today but Angels pitcher Dan Haren pitched one helluva game.
Hey! How are my followers? Tweet me back or txt me 16365849108
Drive slow and leave early today! Roads are icy and bumper to bumper in
toxie...awww thats sweet... Toxie would probably do you straight through the mattress and down a floor! hehe
Thanks for that man!
I know there's a big world out there like the one I saw on the screen.
I've got to unsubscribe to those messages. I was awakened by that one at 7:30 this morning... bleh...
After waiting through a rain delay, and following the game throughout the afternoon's tasks on #700WLW, I am AMAZED at #Votto #REDS!!!
I love listening to music from 2004-2007. It brings back all the good memories.
The truth is us women have no idea what we really want in a man, we jus know that when that one comes along, we'll want to keep him near.
No one gets me like you when you kiss me. Boy, you rock me harder than some downtown band. ;)
"It's what you learn after you know it all that counts."- John Wooden
in the pic ❔
I stayed up until 12 last night without a care in the world
Happy mothers day all moms !!!
Factoring is a great source of short-term capital when you are unable to get a bank loan and you need funds to run your business.
#mybabyis Taking his first AP test tomorrow.
My apologies to anyone who thought they encountered me after 2am. From what I hear, my obnoxiously drunk twin brother was in town.
Adobe's site runs so slowly. Makes me not want to buy their software.
cant wait to live in t.o next year .. its going to be unreal
I have always thought that too!
"Technology and the replenishment or revivication of liberal democracy" - context for #Gov20 efforts, per at
Today's Highlight in History: On May 12, 1937, Britain's King George VI was crowned at Westminster Abbey; his wife, Elizabeth, was crowned
#ImHappy because every day i fall more and more in love with our #Lord and #Savior #Jesus His love is immeasurable!
haha gotta love catherine tate...she's pretty funny! oh and she's donna noble ;).
says that the digital humanities needs to account for itself, explain its own validity
great work!
At the boy's basketball practice on a court IN SOMEONE'S HOME. Feels a little lame to say "nice house."
cuz when u have mentions set up, the person u mentioned will know ur talking to them & it'll show in their mentions
The best thing about today is that the annoying JC Penney ad will stop airing!
I'm just going to procrastinate all this week
I would def be in top 10 :)
Obama: Shale gas and internet developed from #America's investment in research. #POTUS focused on the future.
you are in MN aren't you! Can't wait for u to see MN in the Fall time!
yep they are! Oh I'm just noticing it haha!
Xcellnt! RT : shld do a special..Dine & Cine? i'll take dinner & film 4 thinking of that cool idea.
I'll take pics of mah costume & post them when my bag is here :)
Air conditioning reduces fuel efficiency by up to 10 percent -- roll down the windows at speeds below 40 mph!
If he doesn't that tweet will def be deleted lol
Just wait until seasons 3 and 4
I wanna Rock n' Roll all night, and party every day!!!
Tonite is the second shooting of Rap Central at club rain 9933 Greendield. Live audience, drinks, food. Come supports #EVAPro @ 7
that's the only time I didn't like him. He had them space shoes too.
Happy 99th Birthday Grandma V! That is so awesome. xo
Really? Can't decide between Rivers and Scott?? Wow!
Hey Ian. Thanks for the quick response. Shoot me an email and I'll show you what I'm working on:
Thanks for the opportunity to rave to about NV Humanities today. That room was brimming w/warmth & creativity.
Kandi gave us the last dress honey lol!!
a shutout! (so far!) i can live w that.
I am energy passing through form. My spirit is ageless. Missy McMaster 1964-2012. Your words are my memory cus!
#ireallywant to know what my how my future is.
lol but it's so good! can't. stop.
back from america, had my bulimia creep back up on me while i was there but now anas protecting me again, honestly hate mia with a passion
well, Anthony Hopkins and Benicio del Toro turning into hairy beasts? Could be gross.
hey hey hey. shut up! it's filmed in Indianapolis. how crazy!
“: #Wordoftheday Tabulate Lol!!!!” Lets use that in a song! lol
I'm about to turn 19.. is it that bad that I still look 15??
's budget got 0 votes in the House? Wow....
RT : Artest and Steven Blake won this game, b
hahaha maybe :P lol hm I have to google this now :P
Nice. But um....if it's brunch, where's the food?? Sunday Brunch lockerz.com/s/131760933
His eyes <3
looks like may be the treat of the night, better come to #BASHH at to see tonight!
you're welcome. Go sabres!
When Simba walks on that bridge and transforms >>>>>
| Innovate, never Pirate | We don't follow trends or competitors, we focus all of our attention on the customer proposition
waiting on Neil Peart from Rush on Letterman...
i love you!
Im SO in ~~~~> RT : Haters and Cansecomaniacs. Let's do history. Please write me in MLB all star ballot.
u look like your granddad the check bones
We will be on Fox 8 tomorrow night set ur DVR
See EZ Marketing tool www.Video-TV-Email.com has Mobile Market--A Hott Strategy.RSVP2Come April 18 at 814pm Est Live-Web-Demo
Wow, got my mentions done, you all rock! Hope I didnt miss anyone. Shoot yesterday was AWESOME, will share asap! =)
Two Free Girls will be traveling the world and helping to make it a better place.
*~his specialty :P lmao~*
As dance teachers/studio owners do you encourage your students to explore the dance world? Do you urge them to see other performances?
world building and characters, mostly. And I love/hate Sunshine for all the eating of baked goods it inspires.
ya happy birthday.
very cool...I have a few friends who live there!
“: If there's a power outlet an iphone user will find it. #realtalk” so true!
You know when you be so mad that you wanna cry...... Yea.... Me. Now.
Actually when I was little I would put worms on the swing with me, then I would wonder where they went. True story:-)
it was so spectacular! TRULY! It'll be a hot summer of agony waiting for its return. Ha ha! Excellent work. THANK YOU!
Aj just did a full 12 oz glass gold shlager Malibu beer peach schnopps, get on his level babe
So I've been wanting pizza from for about the past few days. Someone take me there
Mike Seely at Seattle Weekly here. Want to set up a quick phone intvw w/u, Jamal. 206-467-4374 is my #
We have a basic website up at www.baltimorefoodcoop.com -- if you have more ??, email or DM us.
The Soft Shoe Kid
Changing Corenbby. New year. New face. New image.
me ? normal? 0_____o HOW DARE YOU INSULT ME LIKE THAT
It's the beauty of chasing a dream that no one but you sees...
Clubbin' hard, fuckin' women, ain't much to do.
ZIP RT : Hey all you 80's music fans! I hope you just took a lesson in LYRICS by John Lennon's Imagine performed on idol tonight.
5-0 Indians. Marquis was awful.
Ugh he sucks
bad he's Canadian! now we'll never know.
It’s like Thanksgiving for the fish.
back to bed
WWW.STATEAUTHENTICS.COM
Foot in mouth and head up asshole whatcha talking bout
The eagles >>>
1016 followers!!!!!!!!! u know what that means!!!!! CONTEST!!!! announcment coming soon on the details!
I'm getting a lot of praise for my cooking skills!
Loving "Styled by June" it has become my favorite show
I'm excited new look for the summer
Flight attendants were rude and intimidating. Worst flight experience ever. Worst airline ever. All staff rude.
u told me ya big weirdo! But haha okay, its on the dl>.>
#WhiteGirl RT : "I get it, I got it, I know it's good, the rhymes I rhyme, you wish you could!"
The ' PxP Brian Anderson on the call again for the game. C'mon #LOBOS!!!
The "Detroit Sucks" chant has started here park.
I am procrastinating..must finish 2 custom bags before beer-thirty...tick..tock!
thanks :) it was good seeing u the day of Ariana at roseland btw yur default is cute :D lol
Dental x-rays linked to common brain tumor Fox News REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson A new study suggests people who had certain kinds o.
TY 4 the comment I agree. Sometimes we don't sense how we're changing until we look back & see how far we've come.
Retweet this: #5210 from the Healthy Kids talk at #tedxnashville ...check it out!
Thank you! I miss you so much <333
I don't even know where to start with this one.
Started a 'Feedback' discussion here on Facebook. Comment, share, etc...would love to hear from about 1,219 folks or so!
Did you know charity is from the Greek "Charos" meaning grace; philanthropy is from "Philos & Anthropos" meaning love for humanity
love 2012 already!
lets see if there's anything remotely interesting happening on facers.
Don't Forget Finley!! Don't like #Packers WR corps with Jennings, Nelson, 36 y/o Driver and a rookie who couldn't practice.
So we need a logo, badly if you can help us out please leave a comment and we will get back to you with what we are looking for.
I particularly enjoy a good horseradish cheese. This does not diminish the appreciation of more natural flavors. M. :-)
TwSIG Twitter is only one of the social media used in the classroom. Information literacy: identify, engage and utilize information. Teach!
i'm 15 too..:D so how is school going or you r in your vacations?? :)
“: yeah positive,if i was hiring awnd was a boss i would tap that ass .... i mean and hire you ;)” lol imy!(;
oh i gotchu (;
Don't worry too much about your score. Make sure you're learning from feedback when you answer incorrectly. Good luck!
RT think it's time we all start practicing random acts of intelligence & senseless acts of self-control?
everytime he's around me, everyone moves away :c its sad. And no one wants to hang out when he's going
Were absolutely essential in my transition, although they knew me well before that point
glad to still have you aboard , Denise. ;-)
how i no you would b watching lol
Wow. That's impressive. When I left my place, it was just me.
this issue *should* be fixed now :D
We going to party all night , the drinks on me -Wiz Kalifa
Welcome to Twitter !
your pockets stay fat. Y lie bro lol
"LIKE" if you want to try something new on our menu but always end up ordering the same thing
haha!!! Miss you too!
I'm so bored! I hate school...& Mondays
I think Kayla is going there tonight. Maybe she will see you!
Yes we are going to DOMINATE your living room!!
RT : R U embracing what life has to offer or just making it thru each day? Change ur outlook change ur life
all good things. Scratch that, all great things. Nice to meet you!
Officially finished all of my graduate school requirements as of this morning!
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Custody orders can be very creative - as long as each provision is in the children's "best interest".
Was that a Columbo mention? Nice...
correction: THE MOST AMAZING day ever! The only thing that could make it better would be you cuddling with me right now :(
I think I am klouting now. I am very confused
A lady just jumped in the pool with her wedding dress on!
Please follow >>
Y'all's Chris? Reminds me of my Texas days.
My friend Emily loves you
Finally slept really good, the first time in like a week.(:
lol.what movie????
you are a jerk for posting that food porn
If I had the chance, I'd be eating Starr every day. Those edamame dumplings were out of this world!
You must manage people through the change. Can't expect everyone to be as comfortable with change as you.
Bout to change my twitter name
i have a great #constanciochange (: wanna hear it?!
I want a gay romance novel :c
you have some fancy cats over there on graves st??
I love laying around all day on sundays.
Yeah, I'm super excited! And they're playing Great White's Once Bitten, Twice Shy on the radio right now!
Grest seeing all those pit bull puppies this week. You should pits on regularly.
Steve Stone is the worst, but he did just accuse Pujols of having taken steroids. So that's cool
High five to
college student quote on evening news...'he did what he can.'
Which are the best US colleges for Astrophysics and Astronomy?
Levon Helm: Drummer/singer for the Band has died at age 71. #RIP - Thank God for his voice and music!
can you please tell me that things will be alright with our team Our anemic bats need to wake up and this Mo thing is crazy
it's a great city, I hope it's treating you well!
hey if your bored here's my number (917-980-6720)
Which btw, is fine. First knew Obama would win '08 by crowd reax to O big screen at Jay-Z show. Can't manufacture that kind of electricity.
I did that on Friday. Early bird gets the worm?
Why Ron Johnson left Apple to head JC Penney - Covestor
New trailer on March 16
If a schizophrenic threatens suicide, is it declared a hostage situation?
In need of a desperate nap! Then heading over to 's house to see her go off to prom!
Had the best sushi today. Because it was made specifically for me by an awesome sushi dude.
I really need to stop sleeping until noon.
Plus lots of paperwork. Doesn't leave enough time for people-work.
Back from the Outer Banks.
thank you <3
Try to make it so that the things that you need and the things that need you, are the same things.
U.S. Sen. candidate Mark Neumann tells WNA/AP meeting he can win GOP primary because he is most conservative candidate
GZ father is most likely Jewish because non-Jewish Zimmermans usually spell their name with two n’s rather than the one n George has.
Probably more comfortable for the warmer temperatures!
Hates being sick! Ugh!
Join us today for annual Doga w/ 11-noon on P street, near Rock Creek entrance. Bring pups, pals + $10 WHS donation.
The energy of a punk rock show is 1 million times more intense than any hip-hop show.
Looking for predictions about mobile marketing in 2009 - please help! (And try to be as specific as possible... thanks tweeps)
You should follow me! :)
yeah....your her best friend, Zaria....beeessstfrienddd...& you getta go to high school together<31
Holding....Holding...RT : Big announcement coming at 3 CST! Hold on to your shorts!
Just call me Nolan Ryan! I'm slinging tea at Ganesha like the Cy Young depends on it!
Which small(er) colleges in California could I consider going to with....?
you are welcome!
Oh shit. RT : co worker is wasted. He just confessed he went running & had accident in his pants. And not # 1. We're talking # 2.
Thinking green this year? Change the products you use at home to a more earth friendly environment. Call 3057427732 and save money.
Hey Dave, when will you be in town again. Rodgers will be her in March - maybe we could all meet up.
Big week! Screenings in Minneapolis and Budapest. We are so lucky!
Happy Birthday to Dude is fucked up beyond all hell tonight.
Yay to the SmallGirls! We will figure this crazy GS timing out soon!
It feels like a maxi dress day to me! RT Should I wear white jeans and a neon shirt or a maxi dress and denim jacket? Hm...
Hey when you get the chance check your
Thanks Leyla, sounds good! Wish it was in person.
wanna say it was Cabin Fever .. my whole timeline was like "did wiz just drop a tape?... oh fuck wiz just dropped a tape" lol
Bored! What's the word in Twitterland???
Are Health Benefits of Coconut Oil Useful for You?
going back under my rock .... have a goodnight
Today is my first promo to a class about summer reading. Don't feel ready to promote and don't feel ready for #dreambigRead lalala
I love how all these colleges mascots are making fun on Big Red in their routine because they know we are the biggest competition!
but ps3 gets it first #fml 
agree. Horrible and weird. And horrible.
Wasted fun
I am going to form a corporation and make profits! I expect that I will have protesters, but they will be my advertising arm. ;-)
What's yalls favorite song from ?
.....so had to google that. not proud of my lack of vaudeville knowledge
A woman must be a genius to create a good husband. Honore de Balzac
Concrete factories on the Duwamish are cranking this AM. Demand is strong. Let's pave EVERYTHING! How about start with potholes?
off to asheville, nc...peace out c'ville, see you on Monday!
Tonight's the night w/ for #ATasteofFashion! Visit beforehand & don't forget to ride in style with !
ENCOURAGE means to "put courage in" someone. DISCOURAGE means to "take courage out of" someone. Are you encouraging the people around you?
Always enjoy playing the "What can I find in my suit coat pocket" game.
Not going to lie, I really hope HGTV is on at HelWell...
I just caught myself singing the Rattlers song
No professor, i do not want to see pictures of dicks and vaginas with herpes and warts. Take me back to the bschool
Great meeting with the new US Ambassador to Cape Verde. Ambassador O'Neal is working to build collaboration between our countries.
Heading out to staff meeting! Can't wait to talk about where God is taking us as a church!
This is dumb
Just won my first paper football game in fifteen years. Good times with
makes u more awesome that ur a stern fan too :)
Haha. Thanks. I hit the unfollow button by mistake. So it will show me recently following you again.
Hey Sheila! Glad you made the connection and thank you for the kind words. :)
Join now! Buybobnow.com
I recommend Healthy Cofee USA, Inc. Much better product and easyer business Opportunity. Let me if you want some sample's?
Stoked for Kendrick and The Dream tonight!!
ok im bored with twitter..im going to do one of my blog shows..peace twitter
A father is always making his baby into a little woman. And when she is a woman he turns her back again.
have some for me!
I spent 1 hour and 30 minutes doing Wii Sports. 338 calories burned.
try to be better~
Congratulations to the Kastles' next-door neighbors, the , for eliminating the defending champion in the Playoffs!
hi Miley I'm a big fan hope can read my tweet and happy Easter :)
Need to try this, thanks for the DIY nail tips (cc: )
What a beautiful day in the garden! We got a lot done. We planted some snap beans and tomatoes.
#TheSkipTebowLebronMovie The Rat Pack Animal House of Over/under achievers while drinkin' Hate Juice in all 'hoods'
Not as long as you don't ask us to apologize for being on emotional rollercoasters half the time. ;)
Just 3 more weeks of school & I'm done with this shit. Well that's till I have to go back 2 moths later 😭💣🔫
let's go with that ;) still waiting in line.
ah, shush. Quit your complaining. You piece of 
Metta World Peace of the LA Lakers is suspended 7 games for elbowing Oklahoma City's James Harden -
I did a story about a Portland couple who wed after meeting on plane
I got sunshine in a bag
#RodeoHouston with my girls and holla!!!!
you're the chance to my shadow
Kirby didn't cry watching this movie. She has no soul
thank you (:
You saw it coming. I didn't.
When I meet you during the tour, I will reach over and touch your butt. Then you will know it's me.
Thanks for the follow Rick! Travel, food, wine, music, laughter...looks like we love all the same things!
Nice thing about ready mixes: the next generation isn't going to have any trouble making pies exactly like mother used to make.
Reminds me of Jean D'Eve Sectora. Are you looking for a distributor in the US?
I want to marry this account: (and thanks to Obama I just might be able to).
Just had my tarot fortune read w/ followed by a stroll & peach daiquiris in the French Quarter. Laissez les bon temps rouler
the "or"was bc at the time the const.was written there were people who were citizens at time of const signing who (2b cont)
RT Who's the genius responsible for allowing Internet comments?
The refereeing in will cost them many fans,
Miami destroyed the Knicks 100-67. I don't think New York will be able to come back from that loss
listening to The Assistant - will star in it in the actual film!
Ew I really don't want to see this scorpion guy again.
Phsycial was supposed to be at 9:30 why am i still sitting in this damn waiting room at 10:07 smh! I cant stand hospitals son
ayy =] not too much, about to go on a little vacation. pumped. whats up with you?
#takeittothehead video so damn Hott can't wait to see it already know its going to be the hottest video DJ Khaled doing this sh*t
NOW im offline
D: I'm sorry!
Trying the time machine we found shoved in the back corner of one of our many storage rooms. Setting it for -5 minutes.
Am I the only one who doesn't care about the Super Bowl. I previewed the commercials already. What's left 2 see? Madonna's vag?
Agreed. My mentors have always been on the impairment, fix the processing end of the spectrum. got lots to learn
. I'd take them against the #Twins any day.
There is no such thing as a moral or an immoral book. Books are well written, or badly written. That is all - Oscar Wilde
sounds like you need to go full on paleo aka no beans
great rooms!! So ready to see on #Chief. It will be rockin tonight
To be idle is a short road to death and to be diligent is a way of life; foolish people are idle, wise people are diligent. - Buddha
Mark Cuban. I got nothing
We are looking to fill the position of Personnel Development Manager. This will be a part-time position, approximately 20-25 hours per...
Remember when Lady Gaga was ugly? ... Yeah, me neither.
what exactly is Met trying to hide?
Alone in the movie theater. Little awkward.
I told her she was the CEO of team Jackson and meant it. We on our way.
that's cool
here she come there she go , never chasing after hoes
Okay :) It's going pretty well! Last night was total shit, but today is a lot better. How about you? :)
your garbage even our new cousin gabriel stumph would jam on you
You're so welcome. Glad you enjoyed Highland Bakery. :-)
haha agree with the 'rest day' sentiment. i wish ALL rest days necessitated couch and movie time.
Hammer day lmao
Dont miss mall of america! Best shopping.
I was looking for your information to send to my manager but no longer see that tweet....
City's demolition budget surges to $5.2 million - allowing for an est 225 tear downs of vacant properties in the year ahead
awwee :( You shouldve told her I've been sick :(
DD with BC!
In Music Meeting- Broken Social Scene “Forced to Love” creepy title huh? Cool beats kind of an 80’s sound
One Stop Board Retreat-Sat. 8/27, 8:30am-4 @ the CrownePlazaHotel Orlando. Get your #nonprofit #board together for this 1 day event!
guys skip school friday..i think taylor is and me and sarah dont have school!
I'm not eating black eyed peas for New Year's for luck and money. Instead, I'll listen to the Black Eyed Peas as they actually make money.
We miss coach Cal in Memphis
If a woman ask u to go on a date.. Leave your $$$, Wallet, Debit/Credit cards at home.
RT : 10am Press Conf w/ Sherman Heights community leaders to address work at Farmers Market site.
People worried about census privacy in 100 years time are assuming the future will find them interesting enough to look up.
pretty sure that is everywhere :)
But in the dark, nothing matters. Everything is absolute.
Stop. Seriously?
I now officially work at a recording studio! Feeling so blessed right now. Thanks to those who believed in me =]
Social media intern, eh? What all might that imply?
♀A Man That Treats His Woman Like A Princess, Is Proof That He Was Born & Raised In The Arms Of A Queen♀
i wanna b a teen so bad!!!
RT : yooo Boy when u hear THIS SHIT RIGHT HERE!
11:11 PM Make a Wish ❤
alex has the tee on the way
Are we in for a wet April?
Yeah but the smiley face makes it al better.
My mom is in 1st place in the bracket challenge at her work. hahaha She did better than me!!!
So ready for April 29th!
34 States Allow Opening School Day w/ Prayer. Is yours on list? // Oops! This is a link to American Airlines confirm!
lol yea yea
I want to Skype with everyone now that I have the iPhone. Not kidding tell me if you want to and it'll happen
said that Curtis painter is looking like a girl. Better talk to him about getting his haircut at the next fam reunion
i followed can u plz follow back?
you're welcome and im somewhat new. never really used this before but am using it now
Ifeel like a whole new person:/.
I'm great! How bout you,?
dayum boy. you cute.
Thanks for following us. Looking forward to sharing news and information with you.
Be thankful. Dream big. Never give up.
Oh I know.
« the ROY voting was a joke. Josh Selby 3rd......he played less than vesely this yr» exactly
Dammit! Why is my husband (almost) always right!? There, I said it.
Getting tired
I have learned to Invest in something everyday. If you do that, each day is different then the next.
Follow Me I Promise Ill Follow Back ...
Ok, so the last 2 Mondays' work day have went pretty quickly and I must say -- I'm a fan of this!
OMG Kobe is going crazy
We can't wait to take our team here for some pizza! Thanks for the follow!
Registration for the 2009/2010 Vail Development Team season - deadline coming soon, check out www.vaildevo.com
I'm strong, because I've been weak. I'm fearless, because I've been afraid. I'm wise, because I've been foolish.
All Girls Are Beautiful
Interesting multi-antenna #Aereo solution. Like DAR.fm, it has separate streams for each subscriber. Does it solve the IP/© issue?
follow back!
Today's Sandwich: Mini grilled cheese on jalapeno cheddar bread served with a cup of soup..$6.95
": CHURCH OF SLEEP-IN END EARLY TODAY. HAVE TO GET IN LINE TWICE FOR HOLY SACRAMENT OF COFFEE AND BACON."
is lovin' the free wi-fi at Burbank Airport!
So beautiful it made me cry! so many can relate to a story like that! Love it!
Photos from last night...
": super hungry!! Anyone down to go eat?(:" eat at village inn :))
YOU GO RACHEL OH MY GOSH YES.
The retina resolution makes everything super tiny. It's too many pixels for its own good!
Have you seen that AT&T commercial wearing the Rush t-shirt buying a Rush t-shirt for his baby? Awesome!
I'm not good with expressing myself to other people I like keeping things to myself :)
who's coming to Rock Out with tonight at the Captain Morgan Club? Show starts at 7pm!
Whisper Of The Heart just went from adorable to amazing.
I need the darkness, so please cut the light.
#Vindicated MT : Aaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!! Great News for Brew Crew!!! The Hammer has been #exonerated!
I didn't know that I could get sunburn, I'm not trying to sound funny but I thought that was something white people go through my chest burn
Most people's biggest fear is failure. Mine is vaginal prolapse.
Happy birthday to my beautiful sister Katie, who is turned 25 today! Love ya!!
Omfg i swear i hate it when niggas act like this -_-
Good morning! Just want to make sure you're still avail. for LA public radio interview today? 9:15? Let me know asap, thx!
Dream chasers 2 comes out tomorrow. Legggo
Yes, but "doesn't support" is different from "against"
I go to the bathroom. I miss a goal. goes to the bathroom. He misses a goal. Time for more coffee.
He who hesitates is lost
RT : RT : A4: Yes. Strategy rocks. Research needs & share how you plan to help. A4: depend on just how hun
/le sobs with you /now has to take a le shower
Went and worked out feel good:)
There's a bus! The 23 goes from the CC to there. Or, so my phone says.
You are very welcome and I like that tweet too. Mostly because I want to DM you at 3a w/out you blocking me ;) YOU ROCK GIRL
kick his ass
The truest test of love is if you're willing to keep fighting for it.
If you got some type of twitter message from me don't open it. I didn't send it and i don't know what it is
stop texting in the car!
Hey just so you know.........WERE STILL BUYING BACK BOOKS FOR $$$$$
"I'm about to go Andre the Giant"
You are a young lady, act like one. You can't be loving the city.
Their use is not only good for your cost savings but is a desirable environmentally-friendly exercise
I can't even deal with the parts where JHud is screlting for Jesus in a nun's costume.
Alot of people got prom tomorrow #HAVE FUN
I don't like Mater.
Riot Grrrl Kuching and/or Riot Grrrl Malaysia need a twitter account also.
How are you going to play the game of life?
Giving a presentation to undergraduates about things I wish I learned in college as a designer and the scary job process. Any suggestions?
starting my day with some Freddie Mercury
RT : Next week's chat is about the #nonprofit enewsletter - yes we are talking email marketing so mark your calendars
I agree! It's frightful to know that our Country has problems made by man, but can't get settled by man! Frustration!
Happy Fathers DAy To all The Dads!!
You suck at zombies. That's why I always win. :D
or go get while u can
then again... sleep deprivation will do that to ya. I'm crazy and I know it
You need a back rub or something, sugar? *lights candles and incense*
I started reading the 4-hour body yesterday... excellent thus far.
I'm great how are you?
My new web address is AmplifiedArts.us!!!!
hell no cause croc's suck.
RT Damn! i need to eat for my brain to function well..but i don't want to bec of my diet...haha:)EXAMS is ON!
RT : Love ! Will be staying at the Intercintinental for a romantic getaway...that includes the
Jesus is the greatest love of all
thank you! Miss you lots! Xo
Hey Twitter! Fit City MKE is ONLY days away from going LIVE - www.fitcitymke.com, Forward.Innovative.Thinking/Training/Teamwork.
And if your driving, you shouldn't be looking at twitter
got your text about the adam lambert interview...will you get to interview paula now that she's left the show?
That sure has good taste!
I love me some NY style thin crust! In Seattle, and in San Fran. RT Best pizza ever?
Hey ! We're happy to help you with any removals. If you could send us a note @ w/ info, it would help us. Thx!
I'll be there Wednesday. Thanks, man.
nope. Sad about that, yes but mad at you for comment and disappointed because I remember when you knew better
Thanks everyone for the #FF's!
Holiday sale at Merino (3400 around lenox) until Dec. 3. Hot cocoa and 30 % off some favorite store labels.
Trying to make old powerpoint into non-annoying prezis
i'll follow as soon as i can i reached a following limit im sorry! when its over i got you!
did you say "hit an ear?"
Jake: let's make a movie! Me: ok what's the movie called? Jake: Legend of the Bad Guy! No- Behind the NASCAR Race! (Love that imagination.)
4/20. What a dumb idea. A whole day dedicated to getting wasted? No thanks. My only drugs are coffee and music.
4 reminders / day to take some pics or vid. We'll call this therapy day; shoot something that upsets you then shoot what makes it better.
Is it possible to #winestorm on your own, from your couch? Cause maybe we are doing that now? :)
No it's Manchester United vs Manchester City, Premier League. And a City Derby
at my dads. chasing my dog. hahahaha i love my sister and brother. hahaha aGOT 220$ hahahah
no But I may close it out tomororw and go the other way. Let's see.
'don't throw up on me.'
Dear john: :(
Searching searching searching for an account manager position in Chicago... :)
No more food
Good Morning! Stop by today to pick up any two grams for $30! Strain of the day is Kushwreck! See you soon..
bah, thirties are not far off for me. Besides, you don't look that old. Must be doing something right!!!
Great workout! Puerto Vallarta in 51 days!
"As soon as the fear approaches near, attack and destroy it."
Thanks for the retweet. Glad you liked the comment.
This is painful! 13-12 Holy Family at half.
yeah, I'm staying.
#BAYMAM - Learning the breakout of expenses has helped me with my pricing so much!
I lost my sunglasses, & i barely got then on sunday! :(
yeah, the "good twin" just texted me to ask what your name was. :D
Try going in a room with no distractions & block out all light when you nurse her during the day.
Big day for our boys! Come watch the #Sounders at The Spot Off Main at 5pm.
---- I would love a stomach like that! Useful info!
oh itd be a blast(: haha
At hilton san francisco. Ibm Smartcloud conference. #ibmtechu. The pureflex sessions are on.
Wanted: Meaningful overnight relationship.
A self-conscious and anxiety-producing scientism unites both Marx and Lacan and produces the tensions in their work.
oh thats easy theres apartments right down the road.
Someone plz follow
What's you're kik shit
got a run in today and ate a bomb dinner
Smell a verducci effect RT : Joe girardi said too much is being made of pinedas velocity...says pineda hit 92
Ya. :) The other one was lonely. I'd show it off, but it's all covered up, safe and sound.
Bedazzled speedo? Hm can we expect to see this look on guys this summer?
Supposedly we're going to make it rain for Asik. It's fantastic.
In about 15 min, Matt Need's "The News As I See It" hits you... get all the news you'll never need at 10a, 2p & 4p every day!...
Have that Pet Shop Boys' "Opportunities" stuck in the head.
Your business needs a WHO before you can sell a WHAT.
Everyone pray that Chris () is okay!
I had a good time with the young passionate dancers at Ramona High school. What a awesome workshop is "From Da Ground Up"
Has a white crayon ever been used?
Man I was good until my team lost yesterday! Both Niners and Raiders will be back full throttle next season tho.
"I am the greatest, I said that even before I knew I was." -Muhammad Ali
big up urself...thanks 4 following": Big up and support there artist . Maybe we will work with them."
heath tryna make the all star game hahaha
woo Mr. McMahon yay the best boss of #WWE #RAW :)
So I definitely just ripped my stitches out of my mouth.
I'm a 7 3/4. Finding a helmet is not possible.
Carlos is a very lucky man.
I kinda miss Bartending, I had some interesting customers!!!!
Perfect day, watching some baseball, and making my way through Mockingjay. Could not be more chill.
Thanks sir, likewise to you.
follow me please??
I swear they had to commit me.
In the past hour i cleaned the kitchen, sweept, and mopped the house
Parrots are described as zygodactylous. A zygodactyl bird has the first and fourth toes directed backward the second and third pointing...
This spring you will hear debut singles on the radio from & #WorldDominationBegins.......Now!
DEAR JOHN IS ON. 💜
#420 sesh bouts to happen r u down to
And love, will shine like a burning star, falling from the sky, tonight
More fans leaving now with 7:42 left in the fourth quarter....final home game...but they cant stay and say good bye
Going to continue to workout 4 days a week.
let me see you
it was amazing! :)
This is what will look like in 30yrs
only you would celebrate a Twitter-versary
Guys with a nice smile n tattoos... Laawwddd.
Equal protection & due process are always relevant. They protect the rights of ALL people.
On some real levels doe.
“: Of course my family had Israeli food tonight!!! What better way to celebrate a fun sporting event? #JEWperbowl” love it!!
for me?
Not mentioned but vital: the many bus lines already on 14th St. Would be difficult to absorb so many new residents w/o them.
I guess I get up and get ready -___-
was that Brent Barry?
Just filmed a segment with Mr. Henry Reif for Fox 45. Segment will air tonight on the 10 pm news.
Does anyone tweet? We do. Follow us on Twitter.
He who laughs last didnt get it.
Took some fun risks 2day
SXSW in Austin is something everyone should experience once!
CALL ME FRESH ICEBERG LETTUCE.... CALL ME BAKED BACON... CALL ME 12 ORIGINAL SPICES... CAUSE I AM CRISPY!
Agreed, my Social Media Sith.
Had an ohdee good ass time :')
Wow its early . .
Boutta tweet my ass off
She didn't just "pose naked" She's MISS SEPTEMBER in PLAYBOY. A huge honor in her industry. Thats doing something.
The quicker your here The faster you go
Pondered what ails the world during my lunch hour. Pretty sure we need another social media platform.
definitely thinking about it!! I'd be here for 4 years rather than 3.5, but literally I should be thankful for that hah
See this is why we get along :D
I spent 1 hour Bicycling. 773 calories burned.
I'm all for it but then again it's because I'm biased obv :D
Yes--thank goodness, that could have been BAD.
get her off me get her off me Lucy!!!!!!! Bitch U weak as hell...
From and Brad Segall, relevance is key. You must have a news angle to your story.
content: there is stuff we own (and will digitize), the stuff our users create and contribute, and the stuff we buy and make available
Dude physco Mike was cracking me the fuck up last night. Telling us which atery to cut first to make niggas bleed to death
Lay off me, I'M STARVING
just did!
“ Skip no days off... When you're a mother you get no minutes off lbs If you're a real mother you are on yo shit 24/7”
Got it!
Great talks yesterday: 1) Jagose questioning queer theory's implicit dismissal of (or, w/ref to Grosz, ethical hesitation re) orgasm.
I guess you never know who is judging you. Or who feels they have the right to.
☼ The most powerful factors in the world are clear ideas in the minds of energetic men of good will. J. Arthur Thomson
Day 1 of Phase 2 of the HCG Diet. Loaded 2 days until I thought I would explode! Injections haven't been a problem, nor overly hungry!
Forever reading your letters to help me get through missing you...
THAT was a horrible slice drop shit shot mandy. blergh.
Oh my goodness
Filming for #webseries starts tomorrow! Can't wait to bring our hilarious new show to you!
Bout to eat Breakfast im #Late ;p
who is it?
i have a great year no more drama in yo life since you got me out i hope you are so happy
LAST MINUTE GIG! Spike Hill in wburg this Saturday at 8:00. We're gonna play a new song so make sure you come out!
I normally wouldn't, but he's a devil, so I feel its ok
thanks for your input! I hate for her to not get the sale after all the help she gave me!
Yeah, but I just stay in my corner and laugh.. Lmao! Man:( Keep looking!
Got a ticket today for using my GPS while driving. Can I fight this? Has anyone been in this situation before?
And national polls never mean anything.
About to go get my clothes out the dryer.
"Who's" should be "whose" in your bio. Sorry, compulsive typo finder here!
Nick has 2 get 2 WI & talk everywhere rt now 2 keep corrupt walker government from staying in power. Walker spouts the lies
Going to bed, listening to iheart radio "skrillex" and also thinking about work next week... going back to shingletown.. going to miss Abbey
I wanna trust these females but the shit is scary *four20percenters
put your hand up if u or any1 u know has ever had a problem returning a defective product and just gave up trying. www.legallyspeaking.ca
Happy #FF to
Damn. Well that's some fuxked up ish
Absolutely delighted to spend 2 hours at the park! The more she runs, the longer she naps!
from my experience (more than I'd like), for a significant infection that's a somewhat short run...but azithromycin's a good A.B.
As a fellow member of , thx! RT : Adding the GLBTRT to my ALA membership, which I should have done years ago.
I don't even remeber what I said to you.
GIRL POWER!! :D
Yeah, he jumped the gun on that one. Readin your other tweets I can see y u said that.
Dear San Diegans, putting primer on your car and spray painting it does not make it "flat black." Despite what you think, it looks terrible.
update: getting tire fixed at wal-mart. AJ and Rickle are there. Will, howard and I are at dunkin D's. wanting a free donut.
Who has great plans w kids this weekend?
Need affordable reliable transportation? 1 wk left on the 2012 #Civic LX for only $169/mo with $210 down.
I just saw a clip of Hank Williams comparing President Obama to that of Hitler. Personally I don't think any American president should be.
Let me get tht off my mind
Stand in front of a mirror. Pretend someone asks your age. Answer, out loud, "I'm 82 years old". Will you have good stories when that's true
I want to use a tomahawk to remove Bret michaels' head bandana. Fucktard. Wish he'd never found VH1.
is a Phenomenal women(:
Does anyone need 12 weeks of free digital access to the NY Times? I've got an offer code from my subscription. DM me!
BOOJUM is "Gilbert-and-Sullivan-meet-David-Lynch" says Gapers Block. facebook.com/event.php?eid=161187553917177
When you wake up around 3 for no reason. There an 80% chance someone is staring at you.
Who was the guy she just said was" so cute?"
Getting ready then heading to NKY to watch the derby.. I just want a nap :/
las vegas not too many crazies at 1am, good luck with that!
I just back from your opening at Tilton Gallery. Hats off! I enjoyed it very much.
Texting with good friend Robert. Funny funny.
If you can't get the food out fast don't have a drive through HUNAN MANOR!!!!!!
Oh man, I remember those kinds of meetings. Not fun!
So found out the my dog is mixed with black lab and husky. Which explains that he sheads 24/7 lol, lots of hair to clean.
I wish I'd kept my mouth shut. I gained nothing by fighting Grandma Satan.
I won't stop, I'll keep trying as hard as I can because taught me to #NEVERSAYNEVER ! If he doesn't notice me I WON'T GIVE UP'
Happy birthday to the best boyfriend ever! !! I love you babe!
guess I'm ganna call it a night. Gotta wake up @ 4:30 in the am. #NightyNight:)
you shuld be in a movie
I'm having a great one so far! where are you today?
We are back. And we are keeping all our lollipops.
Did you know, . was created to help all #shopsmall businesses in every community where you #shoplocal?
and #librarian: may I ask why you were wondering?
✰ #OnlineBusiness Tip: Don't go FREE when it comes to getting solid legal advice. If you don't know & need to know - Hire a good attorney.
Our child policy dir, Dante McKay, up first to discuss Medicaid redesign and the impact on GA's kids.
mostly pre but still sometimes post.
I agree!
#WomensBasketball #Golf or #Soccer - Which to put me asleep tonight?
lmao my house in this big ass bucket of old pics.... hahaaa look at the ones of jessica...
Opened up another savings account today to start a travel fund. Proud I've become more responsible with my spending habits this last year.
cried when you left #AmericanIdol and cried/still crying now knowing I'll meet you in #51days :)
Doing my hair before the revival tonight
Happy Monday! Did you do anything special to celebrate #EarthDay yesterday?
I did too! *high five*
Harry Potter at midnight was amazing! I even got a t-shirt that allows me free popcorn for 2011 YES :)
Winter Jam tonight. Excited? Yes.
Been waiting for the 1940 census to come out for a decade. Finally, 26 days to go until I see whether my ancestors made the long cut.
dem #Thunders is dangerous mayne
Loved the last episode of desperate housewives. You are so funny.
are you online??? ;*** please follow me? <3
Good Jam Hunting
hey - please contact me as soon as you can.
Excuse us as we blast some Beastie Boys in memory of the visionary legend that was MCA.
And I think predictability and consistency are more important here than allowing every non-harmful business strategy.
Skj got a super nice scholarship offer from NYU today and she was invited to do her first year in London!!! :0)
Teacher grading my exam in front of my
To have enough to share n to know the joy of giving; to thrill with all the sweets of life is living. Have a great week.
thanks so much!
"Well I know someone who's not getting a Mother's day card!" I shouted....As I walked out of the abortion clinic.
You NEED to get a gameboy emulator and Pokemon Turquoise.
Smokin' on that strong
Finished Stempel's 'Showtime: A #History of the #Broadway Musical #Theater' & highly recommend to academics, students & enthusiasts alike!
everyone can't be Syed :P
Wintry roads are said to be "slicker than otter snot."
These babies at Small Bar are really fucking up my buzz.
Coming by #saveourclinics #logansquare . What do you need? Food? Water? Coffee? Duct tape?
Hey Detroit, I'd like to make it out alive tonight after I eliminate you. Think we can manage that?
you should always be hard on yourself :P
Leaving to film a commercial soon. Strangely enough I never have problems getting up early for filming. :)
Wild weather we're having! In the last hour we've seen rain, sun, more rain, and now snow at our office!
i miss them too!
looking forward to it!
WAIT A MINUTE. Why are you tweeting when you told me an hour and a half ago that you were too tired to watch tv?!
Home alone today so I broke out the v-neck. It's been a sexy, sexy Saturday.
#myweakness Monday mornings
Im so dam stressed with school & all my senior money that I owe & tests & college & work that I cant even lay in bed and relax.
RT Romney: "We lost in Louisiana tonight, but we'll just kind of shake things up and start over again tomorrow."
pls RT -For all the cooks or anyone who likes food, Christmas shop for $1.00 from 11:00-12:00pm tonight. Url posted on Twitter at 10:55 pm.
GONNA WAIT IF HE REPLIES! HA! TREATED HIS ASS!
Anchoring the AM show for all week. Already looking at the clock and wondering what time I should go to bed!
NEED A HIT BEAT? GET AT ME
MT : Health in Mind event: “I believe our childrens’ success depends on their health.”- Secretary Kathleen Sebelius
i am sweating me so real Housewives NJ!!! HOw freakin awesome
and at the ?! Yes! See you guys there.
3rd time's a charm :) LOL sent u msg on Facebook, emailed you + now tracking u on Twitter ... hoping u can find me b4 Friday pls!
This tweet is for #oomf that has been making me smile all day :)
hell yeah my boii
My alarm clock is clearly jealous of my amazing relationship with my bed.
I run 48 miles on Sat/Sun and I feel like $1M, I do 250 burpees Mon/Tues and I feel like a semitruck ran me over
I really want to know how these random people find me when I tweet about something well known.. Like soup and ikea.
oh cool! well good for you then jack! well school is alright at Anaheim, im actually glad (for now) i moved from Katella
you have to enter the pass code in the case to get access to online gameplay fyi.
lmao... band-aids are cool. Get hip
Congrats of , named President of the Year at !
Men fear thought as they fear nothing else on earth -- more than ruin -- more even than death.... Thought is subversive and revo
i gotta go, good night i'm happy because it was a long time to i haven't have a conversation with you <3 tomorow it's austream
we really missed you two.at the game. I actually brought 4ppl to supplement you two. We tailgate next home game?
Ridin round in the SwisherSweets truck.
that's because ypy give me a reason. Through all the disagreements and fights you still stood by me ay my slowest and success
I quickly thought of when I seen #SubwayFan trending:)
Surprising thing about The Avengers, I actually had some problems with the first two-thirds of the movie ...
The #Right2Heal Tour will be at 401 Van Ness ave #SF, inside the Veterans War Memorial Building. Room 207
Mac Miller's high life album is my favorite. #lovelovelove💗💋
what vintage of Thomas hardy are those?
there trying to enjoy your mary jane too! :-)
getting some coffee and snacks and preparing to spend all morning and lunch in a webinar with
Food Fact of the Day: March 13, 1813 Lorenzo Delmonico, was born. He founded one of the most famous restaurants in the country.
Don't lie... you're a closet Twilight fan... I've seen your boyfriend... there is a resemblance...
Honestly, is there anything better than an ice cream sandwich?
My Jouer lipgloss in "Glisten" is MIA yet again. I love it so much yet I can never seem to find it?
Got it, thanks a lot. I'll get after it and make sure all the homies get some APL for summer.
They are both lops. Skiba (black) and Benjamin (brown). Benjamin has a condition called head tilt... permanent gangster lean.
ctfu ikno i did to at first
Yes, I am a fan of ALL facts, not just those that I like. You could learn something from me.
Only 3 #ff today, where's the love? :(
Ok for the last time tonight
Great to see you too! and I had a great meal at
3 seminars! 8 consultations! 4 wig fittings!..I think we'll get through the day just fine LOL. It's not and thing to be busy.
I absolutly hate this walking cast.
Never taking biology 2 now, D:
I think we should to baby(:
Most are during the week. Weekends & Friday nights are the ones that vary the most.
Love this new phone!!!
Ryan Zimmerman puts in a open net goal! Spartans lead 11-8!!! 1:07 left in game
You can't fuck her personality.
Having a info session at SUB II Room 5 at 4:30pm tomorrow! Please come and learn about TFT!
DEFENDERFEST. One Week. "Like" if stoked!
RT : America will only get gayer, blacker, browner, more Asian--and more women will be in positions of power.
Is your face reflecting thankfulness or are you anxious to get back to work? Get over it! SeanLetwat
yeah they'll be there, I can grab you one fo sho
wow I'm shocked
silly nancye. Since when does she go out with friends so often....
#3wordsforyou obama hates Israel
I'm in Keene, NH to give commencement speech at Antioch New England tomorrow.
they made everyone who is not in senior survivor or is not a teacher get out
God doesnt answer prayers right away,jus like Abraham he prayed YEARS 4 nd they got it when he was 100
Holy cow. It's such a nice day that everyone came to Santa Cruz. Escaping the crowds and heading to Trader Vic's in Palo Alto!
Hi. I'm John, Shannon's brother and Ferdy's freind, I've heard alot about you! :)
": Faried has been in on every play on both ends." Glad to see aomeone's tryin to step up. A rookie no less.
The final test of a leader is that he leaves behind him in other men the conviction and the will to carry on
Please tell me no tornados for southern madison county. NOAH weather radio has tech difficulties now
when can you eat pie again? We have a cookie for you
I kinda wna see the fight tonight
if justin was your boyfriend, he would never let you go. i'm his belieber and i will never let him go.
Tuesday, May 3: Evaluation of Systane Balance on Ocular Protection and Tear Film Break Up Time in Dry Eye (D980) from 3:45-5:30PM.
I'll have another!
yeah that's y u have only like 3 followers
now im just waiting for liam and zayn to reply to this.<3
Holy crap... just got caught up on #Parenthood. I'll say it again... one of the best shows on TV right now.
Great game !! God bless you all!! and everyone else!! You played great! *highfive* lol
Dolly parade!
he died a confused man, killed himself with his own mind
felling those Stay With Me acoustic vibes
I'm a thousand miles from nowhere.. Time don't matter to me.. I'm a thousand miles from nowhere.. and there's no place I wanna be...
Super great to hear that downloading books at is a smooth process for you, Hooray!
have fun w the web this week. My friend Bailey is playing
Hey Woman. Great meeting you at #shecon. Sorry didn't get to spend more time with you Saturday night :-( Talk soon promise :-)
Today the azul crew swims then we head to the roller rink for some family fun!
Enjoyed ur EARLY am panel it was good to see Chris R. and Rebecca too. See u
That song derogatory towards women- this from the chick with her boobs out every week.
Nonprofit Law Prof Blog: IRS Rules Foreign Political Activities Do ...
Thank you for all that you do and have done!
I've had it. If your one my "friends" then just remove me from that list I'm done with everyone
My best ideas come to me on my long walks. Still trying to figure out a good way to record them so I don't forget them.
Get to my cousins house to babysit, two boys 7 and 3, and find them both sitting on the couch in their underwear watching cartoons, hahahah
have you checked out Newsie it's been the top RSS / google Reader at the app store for two weeks.
not bad lol
battling the Knicks tonight as a warmup! You're our official correspondent for 4/14 !
A nice Chinese proverb that relates to preventative medicine: "Dig the well before you are thirsty."
So true. Though I didn't want to diminish what you're going through!
i mean thank u lol sowwy
AZ contingent has signs made already!
You say you need me but you really don't need me so , When your bored baby you just call me - ERIIIIKA KAYYNE !!!!
You better feel good about that.
Are you an entrepreneur? What's your biz?
quit putting that face! You have emojis now!
thank you for following us, we love your show!!
Tomorrow is the first day of signature collecting.
How did Pinocchio find out he was made of wood? ~ His hand caught fire.
Hey thanks for the content, Sherry. See you Thursday?
Going out after work for bday!!!!!!!!
good to hear! thank you for choosing Delmonico's and happy belated birthday!
Zealous Wheeler just got DFA'd in favor of Dana Eveland.
thanks for the follow! I love your bio.
and now this gets interesting...
girl ... SAY THAT SHIT
Hey staunch Christians who say Jesus is the reason for the season. Jesus' birthday wasn't actually in December, so remember that.
Pinterest.com looks pretty cool for building and sharing collections.
Sumtimes it is to late to realize what u have lost. And i realize i let johnny go and now i must wait till i bump into
We should whisper, teen hearts, outrageous, go go gizmo and more at the ILounge tonight. Come hang.
#inspiration "Yesterday is ashes; tomorrow wood. Only today does the fire burn brightly.” - Eskimo Proverb
I'm not a big fan of tattoos, but I love Harry's. This kid makes everything great! But I feel like a total hippocrit for saying so >.< O:]
Congratulations to my son Teddy & his girl friend Sara on their graduation from South Dakota St today.Great speakers & party with flaun!!
“ Dont let people get the best of you”
miss you home skillet!!!!!!
i need some tips on how to get more followers on tumblr lolol
We provide counseling for a parent whose emotional problems contribute to their child's emotional problems.
Gay on TV: How television has moved attitudes on same-sex marriage, w/ Sun's David Zurawik at 1 pm
Although Taylor had 14M followers, there isn't that many Swifties :( most of them are eggs, even look for yourself! :(
I may not get my one on one with Madame LaQueer but I get to see her live you
What is the #1 lesson you've learned on what NOT to do at a Local event?
Alot of people are dressed up and have their faces painted.
check out the video on blog.flairify.com
": I would sell my body to someone who fed me raspberry anything. I love raspberry. 💋" good to know ^.^ <333 lolol
I got it.
Yes! Welcome to Tampa Bay guys!
Don't spider mom's warn their offspring about such dangers. Speaking of which, this one looks pregnant. Great.
morning. Bet.
Everybody's saying romance is back. I don't believe it ever left.
Best. Tweet. Ever.
OMG i just saw that was on my account lol
Reason #4 that CIS works: Strong business practices and support across the network, which translate into better student outcomes.
That's not what it will look like. Its a concept, like a future car.
Watts your plan?! Love it. Solar sail boats - nice, I'll take two.
RT : announced that it set the world record in deep well drilling yesterday. Get the details on blog...
& one has to wonder why voter turnout is always a challenge, right? #TooManyElectionDays???
enjoying a fabulous brunch while drinking coffee and reading the first part of one of incredible #screenplays!
Also, Pittsburgh: you have more bridges than Venice. It's awe-inspiring.
Middleburg Comics is out of business, and I'm out of a job.
All adoptees have the right to their original birth certificate. Write your elected officials to get your state to open adoption records.
please follow me cause i will #NSN! and there will only ever be #Onetime when you follow me and today could be it x 50
hm... Well he did say rest in "piece" not peace, so maybe not... I hope it isn't true
Halfway finished with my internship and loving my time in the library. I can't wait to finish and run a library of my own.
The new #klout #firefox add-on is crashing my browser! I take back all the nice things I said about it earlier...
I swea I love my brother Dee nd his kids :) they can get irritating but they can put a smile on yo face.
good day just to stay in bed!
I smell latent tendencies!
is waiting for something exciting to happen to me today...
Woo LMFAO! Love their music.
Nice! This class has been mostly review so far for my e-peer (an MSIM student), so we're working through at our own speeds. :)
You will have the pics! :)
#celtics - the way Bradley and Moore are playing, could they entertain trading Rondo for a young big man?
I'm Finna Go To LA Fitness, I Feel Like Dunkin On Sumbody Lol.
Music time.
wasn't that 's job?
Excited for Balloon Fiesta? Don't forget to stop by the Balloon Museum each day from 9am-3pm for Balloon Explorium: hands-on fun for kids
...what it seems. I just think ppl are all out delusional at this point when it comes to marriage IMO. There r "good" marriages
A blue personality is nurturing, red is the action focused and green is analytical- as a pink, i'm in trouble
LOL! Yep...Hey what's a good rig for on shore night cats?
where am i?
Charlie Sheen (I'm winning)....yii it's ah hit!!!!! #shoutout my nigga
Testing Twitter Schedule with message
Addison Reed is filthy.
CHRISTMASTIME IS HERE! We are working very hard on brand new "FEVERSODES" and some killer new songs!
": just got back from the Kentucky Derby. Good to be home" What a great race this year. I think I'll have another!
Shoot 700 hrs. for 1 hr. of Jersey Shores. Wow. I'd hate to be the editor.
I won't be working here anymore. Unfortunately I am moving before then
My Braves are playing real well right now.
& pole dancing at the park... #priceless hahahahahaha!
Aw girl, I'll protect your crotch anytime. #waitwhat?
: thats good to hear. =) & ive been good just the same. Haha
Enter!!! DON'T be intimidated by high submission numbers. If Nicholl & Sundance get 10,000 entries, only 1000 are actually in the running.
my bad was on the phone last night but wyd
#lakers .... Stop making excuses for Kobe since they lost the lead...
I love you:)
Pizzas, I bake them.
will je pleas follow <-- that is me to !!
Justin Blackmon!!! Woo!
Colleges should offer biz plan competitions (many do). #VirginiaTech #VTKW has Global Stu Challenge each yr
Why am I finding out about the occupy "don't go to work" holiday now? I could have been at home watching Mama's Family all day!
I guess it makes sense for REVENGE to take over the DESPERATE HOUSEWIVES timeslot. I'm sure they have a similar audience.
Lol I love kingsleyy so much
did twitter change its look? or am i seeing things with eyes anew?
suck a toe
Carlos Gomez hit opening day HRs his first 2 years with the #Brewers and ended those seasons with 5 and 8.
follow back ? 😌
saw your plight with comcast; my BF and I are about to hit 250GB on our comcast and I'm not sure what to do. What r ur thoughts?
Thin black phone with blue keyboard buttons lost at ultimate frisbee field. If found, return to Promised Land.
Can anyone refer to me a good Handyman, Rehab crew around Broward county? I need one that can work fast!
Doing my best to avoid checking to see who gets evicted from BB13 tonight before the West Coast broadcast. #BB13 #butIthinkitwillbeShelly…
Planted a lovely rosebush today at lunchtime. Happy that storms are moving in tonight to help settle it into the ground. Thunder in distance
Thanks for following Joseph.
Austin can u tweet a picture of u without ur braces
I thought it was very inspirational. Loved it!
i guess this is why real writers draft things multiple times before submitting them.
People with more than 10000 tweet but have under 100 followers need to stop sucking at life
The teachers must have been offering them a buck a question or something, because they were falling over themselves.
will def take the pressure off of DBs
thank you so much!. Dropoff at site (pratt&light St) is best for now. If you can't make it, we'll try to get smbdy to you soon
um - who does he play for now?
Last night here in #Austin. Had a great time. Ate at The Salt Lick and had the best BBQ I'd ever had. Good music, good food, good memories!
Newt Gingrich has suspended his campaign-aka pulled out of the Presidential Race. Now, there's Ron Paul and Mitt Romney left. Oh, joy!
Or they spend 15 on cancer and 5 on abortion. Money may be fungible, but demand may not.
Was with Jacob <3 now it's time I take a nap! Haha.
Ew, your a fan. Its ok, your a girl :p and its cool, just watch it tomorrow!
Oh how I wish I was more tired... that alarm is gonna make me very mad in the mornin... I already know
trust me.....I defly did ms.miller
GRAWN is a fantastic, insider's resource for all things ArtWalk.
“: #WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay "OMG. Look at my Persian kittens scrapbook!"” liar lol
If I have to pick one....probably Song of Myself...it's the longest and most epic. A couple other ones probably come close.
Im sayin doe.. Da bro sleep now but he finna wake up ina min
what did he say?
All the honkies went to work lol
Do we know a date and time for the co-presentation I have been asked to help with? Just wanted to make sure I had it on the cal.
in the studio late tonight.if ya got da cell hit meh up
A Minneapolis firefighter is in police custody after he was arrested on drug charges (methamphetamine). More info at 5AM on
stop whining.
Clouds will be on the increase come late this afternoon and into tonight. A 60% chance of rain tonight. Temps in the 70's Thurs and Fri!!
Why am I rooting for the #Celtics?
I'm heading Emory-way on Friday. Coffee if you're around?
follow me! hahahaa
Having Friday off make Saturday feel like Sunday.
Chris Rock at the Oscars... "I'm wearing FUBU"... YES!S
Yes! It's my baby, started in my living room. How are you?
In Fact, if u dont wont to save money or make money on something that you are going to have to pay anyway, lol, why not, still inbox me haha
U gotta send the rain away for the Olympics!! :))
Swerve! Swerve! Swerve!
Q&A: MacFixIt Answers
The movie was partially filmed in Pittsburgh, but the #tumblertour has skipped us over.
Wash has Feldman up in the bullpen? Fuck that. Sit the fuck down or I will come out there and punch you in your stupid fat face.
WMYB at #24 on iTunes. Good Job!
I hear everybody that you know is more relevant than everybody that I know.
I absolutely hate waking up in the middle of the night on the verge of tears from a dream then can't go back to sleep.
Yeah, but we're making great time! -- In reply to Hey Yogi, I think we're lost
I don't know that I can deal with this next week. Graduation? I'm more upset about their graduation than I was for my own.
But using your same rationale, South Panola should still be in the Top 5, right? You guys have them at
Stoked 2 catch up w\ my girl Welcome 2 El Lay homegirl <3
happy birthday brother love you <3!
Need an Old School Breakfast? We serve breakfast all day until 3pm. That's when we shut down, turn up the music, and dance about!
Send us the link once it's up.
Whoa. Pain meds are REALLY working. I should probably sleep...
We are made to persist. That is how we find out who we are. ~ Tobias Wolff
“I want to know what passion is. I want to feel something strongly.” ~ Brave New World
Wilted Greens Salad with Squash, Apples, and Country Ham Recipe from Bon Appétit
Try to see life from all angels !.. Sometimes it's what you don't see, is what you get.
Clearly demonstrating the enormous value of proofreaders. Patti Lanigan saved my butt on many occasions. She's genius.
Hello arnie, what color is yourstate? We need to turn the map blue & REelect #obama Get rid of #TEABAGGERS before they distroy USA
I have no idea why i have such a knack for finding a person whos stealin frm a co.-hey math is math though
Would you get mad if he puts it on youtube because I need it ?
Oh, you couple of curmudgeons!
saw u live in Northern Ca last year found your CD, listening and laughing my ass off!!
": Romney failed as a govenor. He will fail as a president. " to clean-up #GOP mess 2000-08. no more
: I never du im grown nd im goin thru sum right now so I cnt
recovering form AAUP - lots about format, not a lot about how those formats relate. storage and retrieval ignored.
can u fallow me
Did u ever get his
Aegerion Pharmaceuticals Announces FDA Acceptance of New Drug Application for Review
two but in the house and its from my mom's side of the family.
They're fours bees of
having strep throat
Keep away from people who belittle ur ambitions. Small people always do that. The really great make u feel that u, too, can become great.
Here's to a good night ahead with friends.
KU needs to ball-up, now. They're taking shots as if they're asking UK if it's ok to shoot. TAKE THE SHOT.
do you ever work?! ;)
Can't stand publixs when it's full is old people
Vandy's only shot to win... Hit 3's.. Come on defense!
well as long as he is in the midst ....
joint is dope? can we use that for the rhymecal mixtape?
you're the best Vera :)! U always have my support :)! in #Tennis & in life :)! take care:) be safe :)
Spending a few hours in the Center for Discovery today. Enjoyed a snowy storytime with Miss Melissa!
- Not terribly surprising. Dunno why I think that.
too true RT - Real-life moments of visual poetry = magic.
Stay hungry. Stay foolish.
Thanks for the hook up
I hate when you yell at me.. sorry im not fucking perfect.
#TeamFergie #TeamBEP Don't forget to follow our sister twitter!
made up a little Bambaid newsletter thing. its pretty awesome! DM us if you want us to mail you a copy (:
I miss that elf... Thing.
Do you think Ke$ha has $yphilis?
Do guys really like slutty asians?
Pls follow our revamped main Union-Tribune accounts:
I know 2012 was just ridiculous I had no clue what was going on
Ugh who has an extra t mobile phone they dnt use ?
Aww, thank you! :) I've been having fun with it ... I just need to FINISH it!
What's this? 1 year anniversary for 's ? Slainte, friend! Paper gifts for 1 year, no?
come on I'm already hard and waiting
on board. will be heading home to you and the boys soon.
Blue Laws (holdovers?) Throwing snowballs will result in a $50 fine. (awww... that's just takes the fun out of winter : ( )
SURF Report: (PacificBeach) 3-5 ft waist to head high POOR TO FAIR CONDITIONS
Living the New York Life!
Its Hot AF-.-
Thanks! I'll check 'em out-- anyone specific I should try for?
Flop city
Lady Gaga...I bet Blake Shelton is loving sitting next to her.
YES! hahah so good
#FF & for news updates, for great photos, and & for excellent #LA neighborhood news
OK Brent, we get that his nickname is the Honey Badger...
hoodie allen ain't that bad either
Silence is one of the hardest arguments to refute
Leaving a warm bed on a cold morning suckss..
Please bed let me go! Release me now!
I'll drop it in the mail and we'll see.
nope I bought mines when they came out online.
Pau Gasol can only rebound one side of the court per game.
Hand sanitizer is the best way to find invisible cuts on your hands.
What is the definition of a winner speak on it
updated twitter to , some chick from africa had that shit when i signed up but now it's all mine muahahha
Way to a nice morning: stopping at new on my way to work. ¡Orale!
i love u and happy valentine day from me i miss you so much please accept my love i m dying in your love please save me love me plzzzzz
pretty much amazing... glad y'all are getting to enjoy Nashville a little... now get some Pancake Pantry tomorrow morning!
Miss you Cat.
I just had one of those Arbys chicken sandwiches you've been talking about...yum!
good morning
For Blacks History Month. I would like to thank all the Education Leaders,Entertainers,Sports,etc. Thank You.
This game is nerve-wracking! Let's win this one #Nuggets!!
That's how my book club does it. We gather (and eat!), and then the organizer manages a single Skype call with the author.
Can something exciting happen atleast just for once.
Went to a chili festival. They had to chili. No joke. Thought about chili all week. Guess that means it's time to break out the crockpot...
No Girl Wants To Be Called A Bitch , But Once You Put The Word 'Bad' In Front Of It , These Girls Feel Honored. #MAKES NO SINCE
#cil11 hhonors wifi : had to go into safari and input the Hilton conference password. Now it's working fine.
So less WH water-testing than Joe pushing the admin forward, if only out of unstoppable id.
I want a cat bus!!!!
ik, our tour at the white house at 8
oh that's awesome!
awww I just got out the shower so frick you! What's pish! U mean fish oh spelling mistake soony!
This new blackberry has made the most unproductive person ever.
I'm still waiting ? :)
come on Bucky......we can beat Duke!!!
Love school meetings w mom & all teachers & all the teachers attack you ! #yes .
The Wookies are everywhere. RT 18% of werewolves are actually misdiagnosed Chewbaccas.
thank you Scott! We had a great time and can't wait to do it again next year. :) Hope to see you soon
Just bought me some chocolate chip cookies. 's preso has me craving cookies.
I believe the Twitter term is tweet chasers.
can you take a picture Please ?
hmm. Really? How so?
Wednesday, December 14. I am tuned to Political junkie on #NPR Ken Rudin TalkoftheNation
Ha! I heard. Daddy brought those back for them. And didn't put the batteries in... :)
I hate people who blow their nose around me.
go will go!
Posey just came out to cheers. Jogging induces a louder cheer.
im tryna grow up quick lmao
A week of finals next week, then onto the 10 week home stretch. I can not wait to close this out!
RT ": I just want my boys to succeed... Follow their dreams and have them come true.."> I admire u for that statement alone
Cincinn - who's visiting the tent? Take a picture of yourself there and I will post it on our website!
trust me...you can be 1 of those early high levels....but not if you continue to be a non believer...but you'll see
On the phone with zach and
Language pet peeve: ending sentences in "at". Why's that all over daily speech now? "Where you at"? "Where I ended up at." "Going to be at."
I've got five different games of #wordswithfriends going on at once. I love the madness.
here's to a happy holiday season!
Kill them with kindness
If you won a sweepstakes and could tour with any band you want, which one would you choose?
That moment when you finally relax and your mom calls you to do something.
Game went pretty smooth...
"I just sat there for, like, 45 min. reading articles on the internet through band class. Music sucks." -Prep school girl at Starbucks.
thanks im gonna wear those today
thanks u!!
#goodmorning hit u up bout da email...im tryna be down
Rather given great gifts by City of Indianapolis and Butler, including tree planted in his honor at Garfield Park.
HOW COOL! Tonight on PBS (check local listings) check out #nola's Troy "Trombone Shorty" Andrews perform at the White House!
Austin, Tx. U?
Are we that transparent? Oh well. Thanks for the S/O.
unless it's literally baby boot camp. Did you ask the place why all those tires are on the playground?
This article touches on a number of the issues we were discussing the other day.
I think Charles Barkley is right ... only an NBA team can be Kentucky. Davis is a man!
Just finish giving Bebe a bath next Kuikui and that is gonna be some hard work haha
your a plug
Thanks Laura, very kind of you to say. Keep up your great work too!
#Bibliotech12 Can humanities overcome the limitations of
holy crap it's 2 am here on west coast, you are burning that midnight oil!
t(-_____-t)
If I could choose any way to destroy the world, I'd delete Google
thank you thank you! i just got home and heard your vm and tweet
Are you wearing flip flops? LOL
Transition defense anyone? C'mon Suns!
nice. We are about to head out too. No real plans. Let me know where you land and I'll do the same
choices were made last night, serious choices...
call me
I've been very confused by all the #Rangers! tweets, until I realized they are for the NY #Rangers- now I approve!
“: Betting line on Indiana-Kentucky has risen to UK -10 at some Vegas places tonight. Had held steady at -9 this week. #iubb”
Lol I'm in India so it's my morning. 😊 I'm living here for 2 months working on a TV Show “: You have to work tonight?
February break. FINALLY.
Please follow ! She is such a big Enchancer <3 PLEASE! She loves you!  4
Thought of the question in my last tweet on my way home in an area where someone was robbed at 7:30p...where there are plenty of ppl.
When I say Austin, you say Mahone...AUSTIN
some mornings, i wake up and i hate my life - then i drink some coffee and everything is OK again.
Havnt tweeted in awhile can't wait to get my ass back to Vegas oh how I miss you
Courage is not the absence of fear, but rather the judgment that something else is more important than fear.
#happyfathersday,Check out Heart of The King, ATribute to Elvis June 24th heartofthekingontour.com Makes a great fathersday gift
I wonder how much money the right direction action pac spend on anti Barrett ads?... Probably enough to help get Wisconsin out of debt
After my disastrous 17 hr flight from PBI to LAX last week, I'm headed back w/ only 6 days to recover. Lesson learned -- flying
RT : #1 reason that #LastThursday is so amazing: & together. on 1 block.
George hill prolly the best player to come out of broad ripple highshool In Indiana
Ouch! RT : AG Van Hollen peed on self a little, sort of like a new puppy
Maria Elena Durazo: "City on the Edge" video attacked by civ. establishment: it exposed reality of LA laborers. Is it online?
Ortiz hit him with an intentional headbutt. Ref called time in and Mayweather dropped him. He deserved it
boy meets world.
I'll touch base when it gets closer... and any more recommendations, PLEASE send them my way!
pretty good. How was your's sweetie?
TONIGHT CLUB STILETTOS LIVE PERFORMING BY EMPHAMOUS B COME CHECK ME OUT COME PARTY WITH US TONIGHT!!!!!!!
figured it out - Max Patkin he was funny
Want some Mp3s Frank Tony Type music Message me you email address Enjoy!
"I've gotta feel alive... even if it kills me"
HFC is proud to welcome the managers and employees of the Ulaanbaatar Electric Distribution company to their certificate program.
Mothers Day Brunch $29 all you can eat buffet! Please contact us to make reservations for Mother's Day!
At Mobile Future 15 #swswi event to see talk
refuse to have a headache like lastnignt
High five! And chest bump cuz I do that to people I like
Don't miss the tropical conservatory at Garfield Park just south of downtown #Indy if you're here for the
hi! I hope you& the rest of the janoskians have an amazing show tomorrow!Sorry I can't listen I have a huge test! Love you tho x
": The lion sleeps for 20 hours a day." Hahaha this reminds me of
will get there if its the last thing I ever do! #world champions
Admit it. U want Jerry in you (;
Save the date! flying at you on April 20-21, 2012.
Janice always makin promises she know she not gon keep lol foh dawg
Now for the sales!!! Be prepared to shop while you DINE at #ConcertsontheCurve tonight. will have 20% off from 6-9pm only.
The questions/responses will be part of our graphics package in the paper.
scanning (a happy return)
“: A belly button might have more than fifty bacteria species living in it.”
does sex play a big role in your relationship?!
Who should open for War of Ages?
RT : "all you have to think is what is best for the city, and it's easy" - Mary Cheh on endorsing Vince Gray for Mayor
Been looking for a different hashtag, doesn't seem to have one either. Last year it was
you make me feel like shit because i ALWAYS seem to do something wrong or say something bad, and then we get into a big fight.. no big deal
did you make a copy?
ditto. good thoughts.
thank you! :)
Our first meeting after #SWRedmond - excited to meet up with everyone again!
I wish I could meet them!
“What do you get if you divide the circumference of a jack-o'-lantern by its diameter? Pumpkin π.” Comedian John Evans
I attempt to...lol RT : you sing?
All the sexual things on my tl lol
Teal has disappeared...
movie was amazing. Thanks for being so raw & open.
I've only seen it once in theaters & it was an incredible experience. Made me realize how unreal it will look on the big screen
We will be at the Atlanta pet parade...April 21st...will you be there?
you only want what you can't have...
NO. YOU DID NOT?!
what a night capper taking place in Nashville.
^ I regret not having had more time with my kids when they were growing up. Tina Turner
I'm sorry that you had to go so soon.
I would have loved to meet. Too bad I'm in Florida. Why Strong Hoapital?
it hasn't laid or anything though :)
Must go offline for a while to work on some stuff. Later.
Shoe Game of the ass this summer.!Like a Boss!
Intrigued by ILI. Would love to see any evaluations done on cultural heritage social media projects! Anything online?
tweeting about the weather is way more boring. “: Tweeting about drugs continues to blow my mind.”
Absolutely amazing guys! The Today Show. Phenomenal. <3
Now what did I say last week about the Kings? Oh baby! You could see upset written all over the choking faces of Vancouver after gm 1!
This weather is perfect
thank you sir!
yay! treasure! thanks for stopping by and looking. no need to comment, i know commenting is HARD xoxox
Everyone watch #CelebApprentice !!!!! Love this show and u learn so much about marketing!!!!!
Just got told I should be a stripper
thank you :) it's actually my favorite too
Had a really refreshing conversation. Intellectual stimulation can often be truly exciting.
Jeff casteel shows it's more about the Chemistry and Roses and maybe the Sunshine, not just the Benjamins #arizonawildcats :-)
In honor of my jaw being unwired, my coworker saw fit to blare "The Final Countdown" at high volume throughout the newsroom.
#bb13 Daniele needs to go home, she's nothing but trouble and drama, she's a nobody and a devil in disguised, SHE IS A WITCH
vacation time is almost over :(
well they're all assholesssssss.
😂LOL my gma thought FYB stood for frozen yogurt bar!! and
#ff MT Those of you who did the wave in the arena, we have your names and are contacting the proper authorities.
Boo Cowboys. RT : glad for #RGIII but not happy for my #DallasCowboys having to play him
Phone call leads convert more with higher LTV - Brian Lewis
what happened
Sometimes nothing can be the start of a problem now a days. Phones work both ways
I love how everyone but Mexicans celebrate Cinco de Mayo.
#LiesIveToldMyParents im sleeping over my best friends house
Warm thanks for the #mention !
yes! i was sleeping and dreaming and started laughing in my dream and woke up laughing!!!!
Thank you so much! Let me know what you think about the rest.
it was to come up sooner or later. So I chose now
Gotta hit me with that address n inbox G so I can get you looking #FLY down there in TX w/ JenoLo Tees Baby!!
RT Statement from State Supt" despite my leadership in these areas I have not been involved in the drafting of these proposals
“: Blazers should be down 30. (And might be soon.) Comon' guys!!!”sadly true
There is nothing to watch on tv either :'(
Happy Valentine Day!! Come enjoy the evening with Enoteca!
No matter how old I am, still alive, my mom, I - a child.
Tell you'll buy her a cupcake if she buys you a hat and she bolts right out of bed.
thanks for the follow do you do posts from indie artists as well?
It's been a beautiful day at #RISD! If the balmy weather has put you in a good mood, remember the #RISDAnnualFund and give back today!
Howard you doing today? 😉
Husband and daughter are playing Tekken in the other room. Daughter goes to husband "Daddy are you a girl?" husband "Yup" lol
yeah! pub'd! thanks for the shoutout :)
yeah people think were twins sometimes
That guy will probably talk to his friends later about how important he looked in the airport, talking about his big big TV.
This English project... I don't even know where to start. I mean does Gulliver's Travels really need another chapter written for it?
id do anything to have my mom back!
I like the fresh shave, but I think it feels extra cold in this weather...
“: I HAVE to go to the Luke Bryan concert this summer” IS THERE ONE?!?
460 tweets already ? Good job
Hahah that's a lot of balls on fire
I feel 5
Have a great day!
Health plans are like hospital gowns…You only think you’re covered.
Join us today for cream of mushroom soup, and muffaletta moday
Passed out last night doing an extensive image search of Rudy Gay Just wanted 2 see what he looked like in regular clothing
No, not really. He's too smug and not suave! Golden Eye was decent tho :o
me too. one of the scariest things ever.
About to watch my #Saints!
cont. Visit 's table to get a pamphlet on how 2 do biz with them. #sdp2p cont.
- You two ROCK! Thanks for carrying the torch!
I could see that. Let's hope this new place opens soon! P.S. This isn't the Joe Petro that went to STM, is it?
Me and my brother are like best friends.
I love You Sweet Heart:))
Sometimes I wish 1 of close friends were famous but not like Justin bieber famous but like so I would be like
The only person who you should be fully committed to is yourself.
nobody knows wine like Justin know wine
My poop is your house.
Kforce is looking for a Solutions Architect with experience designing solutions that enable people to collaborate & solve problems quickly
McDonalds large coke to start my work day
Not that surprising considering skyrocketing tuition. Greater buy-in for parents.
“: if u ask me how im doing I will say I'm doing jus fine, I will lie n say that ur not on my mind” you chill too!
Welcome out your host, Josh Johnson!
Do they walk berkman, too?? Batting over .400.
Remember everyone you meet has lost something, is afraid of something, and loves something.
“: Tiago Splitter always comes on the court looking sloppy af, but it's cute though. Lol” Thank you gabby for approval!
*deep sigh*
12 hours of sleep is just what I needed after finals week 😊
check out tomorrows sale! 3 ampoules of Vital K. 25% off. your skin will love you for it.
Have a Gnight everybody
What did M Vaughan have to say on matter?
Congratulations to Drew Bledsoe on his nomination to the #Patriots Hall of Fame. Just saw that Drew is new to Twitter - welcome!
Was there ever a doubt? ;) It's on my iphone.
"I need a man who smells like coco butter & ca$h".
Paper wall: legal system creates barrier to keep the poor from accessing resources
That's great. Enjoy this time. Praying a smooth pregnancy and healthy delivery for you!! Night.
Well, has inspired me to NEVER leave her side again for fear of what she might do when her "conscious goes on vacation." 2 DAYS.
Not anymore haha
Eating at an Italian restaurant on Times Square.
People too weak to follow their own dreams, will always find a way to discourage yours.
When I get where I'm going there will be only happy tears.
#2wordsasianpeoplefear "no rice."
So I flip that middle finger and the index finger follow. Chucking deuces tonight.
You can say that again: “: "It's tough to influence an audience you don't know." - Nancy Duarte #in #fb”
Good morning. Do you journal? I never have kept a journal.
When big ass ppl squeeze in small ass seats on the train -___- <<<.
"Major brownie points" Lmao whaat? :D
Whats in monroe county
what the hell i thought loki was played by jared leto and now i find out it's tom hiddleston
Tomorrow night is our Wei of Chocolate and tea tasting! Free to attend, please RSVP!
thank you <3
why the cursing young.
having too much fun with your site while resizing the window. Good user experience with content
I bet that in prison everyone's FB relationship status is set to "it's complicated".
Things that make me roll my eyes: guys who wear their phone on their hip...
Thanks to all who attended the Mail Masters open house yesterday. It was a great event! Discussion of PURL's, VDP & Mktg was eye opening.
agree at least to sub in Bergs for an offensive rebound
Thanks I will. Reading Steve Jobs book right now but always looking for books for reading list
Getting lots of divided opinions.
Crystal Bridges has a number of works by women: Alice Walton far better feminist than Dominique de Menil.
So proud of my Alma Matter!
It's Admin Professionals week! 2012 theme: "The Pulse of the Office" Are you an admin? Contact us for great course options for you!
Fights that last for 2 seconds are #sostupid! People who try to be cool #swag are so not cool! But not
Actors "I want any job", but that's like saying u want to go to the midwest. There's a lot of midwest. U have to be specific - to get there
Just booked a gig 2 play w/Peter Erskine in Mar. After all these years I get 2 hit w/him. Yea!
Agreed, that's got to be the best spot - Purple mountains majesty indeed!
Chillin like a villian. Thats how I roll son.
And even if you have failed at all else in the eyes of the world, if you have a loving family, you are a success. --Og Mandino
Safe (and pleasant!) travel!
Should make papercut shirts with only shirt as siloutte and rest skin.
"Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work....
Because of their size, parents may be difficult to discipline properly.
Build a quality relationship in social media FIRST before you move to anything transactional. #UWEBC12 via from
Congrats Octavia Spencer!! But award does not = #winning against racial bias. It is another few steps in marathon.
The fact that everyone is either mad or hates me for being belimic.
Washington tomorrow!
You tweeted this -- Fastest and most efficient way to remove toxins & lose weight
On the downhill slide towards hump day.
What to do with my hair today... Idea's???
Yes...was pretty cool!
HELL YEA! BUT IT AH BYTCH JOB 2 BE AH WOMEN AND DO AS HER MAN SAY
#nowplaying Spirit in the Sky, Norman Greenbaun
I've been working since 830 this morning and I've hit my #unpacking wall for the day.
im on follow limit
Good morning hope everyone has a blessed and successful day
not gonna sit in this hotel rm another night and order room service. Boston awaits!
This new facebook timeline is exhausting. :)
more Moore more
probably not
For the record. If you win the mega millions tonight you get 19k a day the rest of your life. Forever.
I Found The Route Of All Evil And Lost A Friend.
Miami wins w/o great game from Wade. Again make more free throws and you will win 70 plus percent of those games.
the lord works in mysterious ways, katherine.
Roses are red. Violets are blue. i suck at poetry. One Direction is sexy.
Woot woot! My favorite sale is back at my store (!) - buy 2 bottles of bubbly or wine over $20 each, get 3rd for 1¢.
stay still!
yes, but I only started watching this season...lotta catching up to do!
get in my bed.
never gonna get too far away..
I'm not about to be working bakery hours and work outside this summer with this afro. I'm getting some braids ASAP.
can i please have a follow???? ive been with you since your first 25000 folowers
House painting is one of the best ways to add value to your home.
That female is fine as hell tho in the video.
T-Money Makes It Rain! :D <3
Major ego problem when suggests I follow
Transition ramp from 215 east to I-15 south shut down due to rollover crash. Live update in minutes on
this is beyond me, i don't know what it wants/is asking! thanks though!!
Totally out the loop. Where you heading?
Recording Screams tomorrow in the Stone Dead Studios Recording Laboratory!! Good times!!
is it ten pm yet?
I am demanding another hang sesh this week before I sell my soul to my new job & because i'm bored out of my tree! :D
Minnesota Vikings Lester Bagley says there was no secret meeting on the stadium. Hear more at 5pm on WCCO Radio.
Someone shit their pants and left it in the bathroom, wtaf
love you too!
I hate terrible babymothers.When the father is awesome he gets no praise!using babies in spite.smh
I don't know about you, but I have had enough of the garage band "Call me rock god" kid who loves his
while we're on the subject should really add a wishlist feature
totally agree
Also thanks to WOSU at COSI who also offered free space. the support here in columbus has been amazing!!
Have fun! If it's Nude Year, though, shouldn't it be a birthday suit affair?
say goodbye to wwwow and drinking on a Tuesday kid. #graduating #careeruniversity welcome to the alumni association.
Light, God's eldest daughter, is a principal beauty in a building.
Hell, why are you tweeting your own tweets, for that matter?! ;o)
One month until Armed Forces Week begins! What were some of your favorite events last year?
Ladies ===> RT nope sure wouldn't
Look at your post !!! ;P
just a couple spots available in the april scene class. who is going to get them?!?!
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe FLAWLESS JAY!
Its hangman. I was never a Brewer fan! If anything, I was a Twins fan. But more of a Mauer fan really :)
After watching Greys I need a cocktail. you are a fantastic actress #jessicacapshawlive Seriously need a vodka tonic!
How cute. We have two Blenheim Cavaliers. They are very sweet.
At the Orthadonist
I would definitely list it.
I need to do your son a favor
It's National Dance Day!
thank you Hun send some more this way
I need some soda crackers or toast and a ginger ale and a big bucket hahahah
Can't wait to help out tomorrow in the LA Sports Arena.
what'll we eat?
My man avoids the camera, but tonight the camera found him! #NASCARRaceDayon SPEED.
Sad way to go : BREAKING NEWS: Penn State trustees oust football coach Joe Paterno, president Graham Spanier (AP)
awe your dog is so cute
fashion policee :P
I'm just like you, only prettier. (; -Miranda Lambert
can i go too?
Congratulations, I didn't get a chance to properly congratulate you and didn't see you after you left the table; you earned it...
Life is so beautiful and horrendous.. its better to have a false peace than an honest war.
Shipping containers = Modular archives for the Someone tell Prof Blanchette! #modularrules #amiaDAS2011 twitpic.com/6pgdu8
tf. BILLY IS MINE. :C
I am sure you are invited... I mean who wouldn't invite you!
Please God let me get to my family To lose them I just couldn’t bare I grabbed on to each one that called me I pulled everyone to the stairs
a lady came through my line and her purse was shaped like a giraffe and I thought of you hahaha
yessir ! I'll be in the house
At UW about to hear talk about failing. I should be the keynote speaker on this topic. I mean, really. C'mon.
Husband: He almost ate that whoe egg himself!
Craving burgers? See you Friday at our pop-up for some of the best belly burgers in the Bay by !
Not a bad first week returning to the fitness game. Lost 3.6lbs. This week I won't skip running on Thursday like I did last week.
#GoTribe Still From Da A Nigga Would Click, Smack A Hoe Tribe, Bitch Go Get Ya Daddy HAHA
Nope. I think that its a question of priorities and some residents have raised this issue several times.
Here's a perfect one for internet poker...56 in BB...no raise...flop 789...3 all ins..6 10 and J 10...all three variations of a straight!
Firefly revival now, Joss! Now!
one side note. It's very quiet there supporter groups walked out at the 16th minute
do you like lady gaga?
a moment of genius between a group of geniuses sealed in the history of movie greatness. :)
Melanie wins SYTYCD... she good but damn Sasha had the soul.
TIFFs were created by Aldus for use in their PageMaker desktop publishing app. Aldus was bought by Adobe, and now holds the TIFF copyright.
#Ecclesia2012 Oklahoma people show up ready to worship tonight. Our preparation begins tonight!
The dart landed on Buttercup's dress. Green hair it is!
harassing guy reading badiou on the bus....i think he thought i was crazy, but how often to you get to talk about badiou on a bus?
sounds good to me.
I think I will -hard to avoid spoilers
Follow our personal twitters, , , , ,
had a couple friends stay over last night; there freaking iPhones went off all night, it was like transformers were in my livng room...
Who else finds that the best time to tweet is when you're walking to your car?
half the times i be wondering "why do they even need me here at work"
one of many reasons
Just finished reading "delivering happiness...." Very inspirational book...a must for anyone who is looking for something more in life
stoked that I have nearly sold off most of my old bass gear. now its time to start buying things off my wish list!
Pink live = studio version #pointblank No autotune needed.
in 2001 I watched/listened to every single M's game live. in 2012 do not feel the need to tweet every game.
Bud, I left Mcfaddens but ask for he will take good care of them! I'm the GM of now.
What up man, remember me from Mississippi.. The studio under Hot 97.7 Blakk brought you to me... Lol How you been Fam..
Giving turns your customers into your best marketers.
Totally fantastic to catch up with & at Warszawa in Santa Monica. High fives & polish beers were had by all.
Oh snap you should cover Chris Brown's Forever' ;)
just make sure u bring milk!!! Lol ~ahah
I have girl scout cookies, you can put them on his desk too.
Have to say-i got one of the coolest sisters a brother could ever have.
Message from the Manager Man himself: "Another Joe/Erick collaboration turns into yet another crazy awesome debut special."
LOL they will laugh at me if I claim to be a celebrity!
yeah; I love him too♥
tehehehe yeah buddy
: Thx for your VT comments-- The intro slide is PowerPoint :)
Make a stop in Palestine/Israel!
haha see u then! ;)
"Lord Jesus, we ask you now to help us remain with you always, to be close to you with the ardor of our hearts,"
So many people on the 0L bus this am, they were almost on the drivers lap. Did that many people get a job or does need another bus?
you are welcome. Thanks for creating great content.
Via // But You, Lord, are a shield around me, my glory, and the One who lifts up my head. (Psalm 3:3 HCSB)
definitely! Sorry I had to run out so soon, I'm sure we will meet again!
The future freaks me out
Who needs a TV when you have twitter?
I wish i was somebody special in your eyes.
Wisdon is not a product of schooling but of the lifelong attempt to acquire it..
Burr! It's cold out side.
1 in every 13 people on the planet are on Facebook. We will prob be asked to give our FB status at Border Control soon!
I haven't cried for two days. I thought I was doing so well. But all those old voicemails killed me
#hastac2011: theme for this set of lightening talks is definitely "boot strapping!"
Slept in
Panelists: Theresa Collington, Mike Wilson, Don North
UNLEASHING jOY IS LOOKING FORWARD TO CONNECTING WITH THE COMMUNTIY The Art of Schmoozing and listen to Bouncing Back ---Dr. C
Thomas Edison was grounded for 2 months when he asked a loyal friend to eat crushed worms.
Yeah but you just used irascible in a sentence. Hawt
Since "the world" is soo worried... nothing I wouldn't do for em...
you get more for ur money wen u fuk wit SHOUT OUT
“: SIUC domecoming. Two thousand and gay.”. That's kinky Brigit. Hot.
New: Green coffee bean extract is the newest pill deemed safe for fat burning.
When #ChuckNorris wants popcorn, he breathes on Nebraska.
I hope "GOT" means he was only tranquilized and taken back to his home. Right? :)
#10confessions I miss 's small venue shows more than you will ever know. :'(
Injustice could be eradicated, but human disputes and natural limits cannot be removed.
Guys, "Dirty Dancing" is the best movie ever.
Sorry I get so many msgs plus I work a lot too, so its hard to keep up with them all!!
Stand up for what you believe in, even if it means standing alone.
Great! Week of May 7th is awesome. Anytime works for me as that's finals week and no finals! I will DM my sell later.
omfg the tears stream... watching the part where cher gets voted off
Just saw a girl sobbing because she heard Nate Dogg died. Really?
yes I knew all that haha. He friends with my cousin, but i don't understand that whole last name thing
Just booked the film called Peephole. It's nice to hear the executive producer say "You were our fav of the day :)"
Gonna catch a freight train.........
Pretty sure the fat old guy in the BMW behind me was getting road head. Thanks, Parma.
Let me tell ya somethin babe!
Baby Cakes, im pretty sure I'll be in LB with partying on Saturday night if you wanna join
I have a shovel you can borrow
yes": Anyone else in favor of not having Darnell Gant shoot 3-pointers in critical situations? Second time this season. #Huskies"
RT Ron Paul running a cash bar at his party?? Better only be taking real gold money. None of this fiat currency nonsense.
Hey! Ladyfriend is playing a great show tonight! Also playing: Whisperlights and !
RT #Louisville coach Rick Pitino is a perfect 10-0 in Sweet 16 games. That's simply incredible.
I've been feeling the same the past few days.... not suuupppppeeeerrr sick but still sick
lol yup! RT : now Follows on Twitter :)
And Serena...
Andre's experience matters.
I know right! #crazy 😲
at least its a good place to make a regular hang out ;)
becus it's Windows :]
Happy New Year Vikas, see you at CES!
I'm not home . And I no longer have wifi at home.
please pick me and give me the chance to make my 2 lovely daughters life :-)
for the follow
Also Thanks for doing this contest and all of the others you have held.
what's that say? No iphone. Lol
IF YOU GO TO LONDON LOOK FOR 1D HEHE IM STALKING THEM WHEN THEY TO VEGAS WITH STEPHANIE KELSEY AND KYLIE
goin out for the day!(:
Happy Mothers Day to all moms today! You birthed a child(ren)... Enough said. 💝💝💜💛
Ride your bike, take the bus or walk to VIA and get 20% off your bill today! It's Walker Rebate Wednesday - time for your reward!
RT : I had your blackened chicken po boy and vegetarian jambalaya with for the #YPweek today. DELICIOUS!
whats your addiction?
Thank you for the 75th Anniversary wishes. Looking forward to the next 75!
The rest of that panda is probably less beautiful.
i just heard a girl talking about an enema on the bus
if you're gonna report it then go all the way. WHAT they are eating may be a crucial indicator. Come on Breer.
keep at it and stay up
Sorry to hear that! Please DM me so I can get more info on your order and address the issue for you
The RIG Region 7 AOS Panel is now reviewing app #130019 Festival Music Society.
2k12 WHO FEELS DIFFERENT WHAT REMAINS THE SAME WHATS NEXT ? FROM SQUALA''IF EYE COULD LIVE AGAIN'' TELL U
dont be depressed honey!!
screen test
you know I love you, but this last batch of shirts I just got are so thin I can see through them. Whats up?
Had a dream about #vegas can't wait!!
sleep.. it would be a great thing right about now
I hate you, but think I love you at the same time.
already on it ;)
For a second there, you thought I was really cool! haha
Well thank you!
Okay maybe not. The waffle is quite sweet on its own
Should I buy it on vinyl? I should buy it on vinyl.
it would be a pleasure to have you!
MT from #EstherMcCoy short story "The Important House" in , 4-17-8 "You've made it look as if no one lived here."
Wish I didn't have so much studying today! Looks Like a good dog walking day at
the graphs of your spending usually are like punches to the stomach... i used to eat out so much and didn't even realize it.
hope your day speeds up! love ya! take a break would ya? lol
#crowdsourcing - what do you want to do with the laptop? speed, multimedia, office functions?
Hopefully charged his eyepad last night.
"You remind me of Peppy Miller. You would have been so classy in the 20s." #BestComplimentEver you made my weekend!
View our new Facebook site: www.facebook.com/closys. Share your experience with CloSYS and how it fits into your life.
;Yea I can send you some stuff. I'll DM you in a bit.
Some guy just told me I look like Marcia Cross and then picked up my tab. Whatever, I'll take it!
#Larry is in the lead (':
publicly-biased? what do you mean?
time for a nap. (:
I want some damn candy
it's also 2 days until i turn 21, time to get faded! Just need to knock out this midterm i have later today
Not particularly. Those teams weren't as good as the Kings by the underlying numbers. LA was top 5 tm in Fenwick tied & close.
Limp biscuit
Oh no..the NBA has taken over Twitter. 😓
Middleton with 6 runs in the sixth inning to take an 11-3 lead over Madison East.
thanks! I think I'm towards the end of this cold.
There are eyes that fall in love with bleared ones. - Spanish Proverb
like wow
What's good?
Okay ! I find the problem ! I can follow again only If I have 1000 Followers !
Inside of the dullest exterior there is a drama, a comedy and a tragedy
It's always sunny! Beach ;)
Looking for a professional photographer in the Duluth, Mn area. Any have a recommendation?
Oh yea, things are so good in the economy $AMZN and $GS are fee falling. Shorts are working well. Retail is really slow now
Do you know how much DC misses you??
Our house needs a new scanner. Anyone totally psyched on one?
i think it's colder where you are ;)
Audacious Idea from Barbara Samuels of : If kids count, why not get them out of harm’s way?
": Do you still eat tuna out of the can??? Every time I open a,can I think of u lol #IneedToKnow" lol ur a mess
RT : #FutureOfTV game changer: 500m connected TVs will be delivered by 2015 – blurring the lines between TV and the Web.
Wait this chick calls herself the gangster nancy sinatra? Serious? Too much instagram too little book.
Monitor compliance with policies
well so is mine stoop trying to cause an argumentt.
Star Media suite RT where ur seats at?
Heya Kevin, big fan of the show. Shatner's bday is on thursday, and Nimoy's on monday. An "ask shat" is kinda obligatory..
Urban Renewal
Empower Network is back!
looks like it's going to get ugly with Kristen and Rachel this Sunday.
I noticed one of your comments on a HuffPo site, could I ask you some questions for an article? RT me if you're interested.
Thanks to everyone who showed us some love at today. And don't worry if you couldn't get a shirt we saved one for you. ;)
"He that will not apply new remedies must expect new evils; for time is the greatest innovator."~Francis Bacon
do you ever come down here and visit?
Beautiful weather here
I wish I was going!!!
yeah some bs!!
I think I solved this hacking issue. Srry again to anyone who got those annoying mssgs from "me."
Hearing British accents around me only makes me want an accent more.
I feel so great!!!
one would assume so.
I agree with that.
Halloween Weekend! One of the most entertaining times of the year! I'm partying as the one and only Ray Charles tonight! What will you be?
true, especially when it comes to baseball coverage by the media. And I ALWAYS feel better when football is off the table.
I always missed those carnivals....
damn, that's a lotta QA...
I'm sure you've seen video of Ellen Degeneres "auditioning" for the audiobook of 50 Shades of Grey?
Pizza and relaxing.... That's how it should be everyday :) lol
It's always nice to see familiar faces looking similarly awkward.
Yes - so happy about Undefeated. But I loved PINA.
Holy shit. It's amazing how much better of a mood I am in just being on a college campus instead of at work.
RT : Here's to letting go. And starting a new chapter.
Kari: "did you just say you're sick of watching me do my hair? Rude" Swede: "no I said I'm so tired, I just stare at your hair" Lmao
totally jealous of you right now!
Ah, you finally gave it a listen. Thanks man, glad you liked it! Shout out to
Oh, a rain delay, you say? Perhaps I will still get to see the game. Yes, I just may.
It's not who you know, it's who knows you.
I could be your buzz lightyear, fly across the globe.
#presidentialDebate Gabriel Quadri "tonight we see a debate between 3 polititians and a citizen (candidate)"
bored. Think ima dye my hair again
We used to think Pandas we cute... Until Google adopted a Kungfu one! Death by Panda is real for websites!
yeah yeah i know...ive been told one too many times
kidding!! Hope to meet you guys there!
no. those must be new. i don't remember square ones, just the ones for spec. opps
Banctec is at the InterContinental Hotel in Dallas for #TEXPO, come check out iBPO at our booth!
Are you going to BBall Friday? Come see us we have some shirts for you
yo philly looks small from here
Dow is down because of T-Pryor...everything is going to hell
#FF is a bilingual community newspaper produced by its youth - por y para la comunidad.
i KNOW it would, biffle. RT : I think the Florida sun would help :)
Ridiculously, I say this to an audience of people I probably wouldn't want to wring the necks of.
Can't wait to watch!! HUGS :)
Just π will be @ 13th and Coronada today @ 12noon. Stop by for your free sample of sweet potatoe pie! YUM!
At the DECA area competition and I'm practically shitting myself.
completely with you on that.
San Diego wooden boat fest this weekend at koehler kraft shelter island sat and sun
yeah but still...
Bored out of my mind....I'm starting to get sleepy
From a history teacher standpoint let me make a prediction-the fall of Steve Perry will be large, proportional to his vitriol vs teachers.
M so tired and full
i hear you got to work with my friend Sabrina on that luggage show :)
Playoffs? RT : Bears win ! welcome back football ...
ugh thank you...hey im so high I forgot what we were talking bout!!! What was again??? Lmao....
In deadpan Jim Jarmusch's Broken Flowers (2005), a solitary man stalks his past in search of a secret son and his last chance for future joy
when you back in GR? WLC is there right now for a game vs Calvin. you could meet sid comrade !
What on earth is a Paczki?! A delightful bite of heaven, available at Deangelis Donuts March 4-8th! Call in and place your orders now!
Goin to Enzo...a great pizza place in the Bishop Arts District for a good friend's 40th....
I will start studying after in back from swimming:Lxxx.
When was the last time the O's won back to back series in New York and Boston?
Bacon dip in chocolate.....aw epic....
#nowplaying the bled-silent treatment
Jack: look at this video of a baby panda sneezin Liz: thats the cutest thing ive eve seen Jack: ik... U need2 fire 10% of ur staf
You lucky face
Let us know how you liked it!
it was a really fun show! Great seeing you too!
"Bro I've already stopped listening to you, and given you the money. Just let me listen to my viking song."
Dreams seriously freak me out.
Amen! RT: To #JimTheCop is human, get human and sing the Anthem at the top of your lungs is be
Wedding picture DVD has arrived!
hey sis! Yes its so nice out here ! Love it..
Prediction for Saturday - 3 / Revolution 1. Boyd gets a brace for the game.
Sometimes its not even worth trying anymore.
214.15Mb from 306.06Mb of Boyce Avenue. oh yes, I used people's card. Im not a pirate no?.
Thanks for the mention!
when u wanna be
Planning to go to Five Points at 30 Mott Street for return to the stage of the fast light guitar fingers of Michael Hsu.
why not?? We can do another day-want to see you too!!
We are currently briefing the panelists for the IAP photography panel. We will begin the panel in 15 minutes.
Suggestions for how you may volunteer for Congo Run this Fall:Guest Blogging,Advertise at Hospitals,Advertise in colleges etc
Howdy,Oregon is garbage!
Thank you for the RT. We have some truly amazing volunteers world-wide helping kids grow critical-thinking & creativity skills!
Escape to the beach Tuesday! Rum Buckets, Skinny Lemonade, King Cake, Live Music, Steel Drums, Gumbo, Margaritas, & Mojitos!
I have been enjoying Battleground too. Though the Office parallels are sometimes distracting.
Gonna go to the beach with the bestie in two weeks! Her parents are going all out for her bday. They rich af too #excited !!!!!!
I know. Seriously
We Haven't Talked in Forever
i won't stop loving till February 30th . There is no February 30th <3
I want to work in the mail room. They have mastered the art of internet article reading.
#SophomoreYearTaughtMe in never going to use geometry in my life.
I'M FOLLOWING YOU!!! SHOUT -OUT !!! HEHE :)
Awkward couples are so funny. Holding hands hands isn't supposed to be uncomfortable.
Rico got da sack
Right? What a loser 8)
Bring back the liberal arts in my liberal arts college.
The gays in front of me are def enjoying each other, but not as much as I'm enjoying my bf for the night: this box of Butterfinger Minis.
Breaking out the snow boots!!
The noise of the wheels does not measure the load in the wagon.
Finally. A part of modern prostitution.
While "LOCAL" is certainly a flexible term, the basic concept is simple: local foods/products are produced/made as close to home as possibl…
Look! It's a bird, a bee, a butterfly! Learn from a garden coach how to build a garden to attract these creatures. Sat 4/14 1-3:00 @ Nanini.
Mixtape w josh Phillips this weekend. Can't wait for this shit to get goin
And high up above or down below When you're too in love to let it go But if you never try you'll never know Just what you're worth
Yes. Like so many other things in writing a novel. :)
Had a terrific Peking Duck at the Peking Duck House, now off to see several clients in new musical version of "Pippi Longstocking"
RT Creativity is a key property of all living systems and contributes to natureʻs inherent ability to sustain life - Fritof Capra
Dont let anyone dull your sparkle <3
I almost don't rememer life without #DVR. How primitive.
It's ironic that on the day I donate blood, my AP bio homework is on heart functions and blood..
this week video girl the movie at barrywoods in kansas city, amc jersey gardens in elizabeth, NJ
Not one cent should be raised unless it is in accord with the law.- Napoleon Bonaparte
Might be first time I had a really crap day and knew I should go exercise and actually did!! Guess this is working for me. For now.
"One man's trash is another man's treasure" -great saying, horrendous slogan for an adoption agency
: that's awesome...looking forward to checking it out when your done!
Maybe you shouldn't have cheated like an idiot. She would still be around if you didn't fuck up. So gtfo.
Look forward to reading “: Just ended #innovation telecon w on his new book, The Coming Prosperity. A great read!”
thanks for the Shout Out Bud!
What is everyone dressing up as this Halloween?
To honor Zayn's return to US tour I'm giving away MY autographed lanyard! Will tweet a SECRET link in next 24 hrs!
What's the record for "Most tape used wrapping a small gift?" because I'm pretty sure I just broke it.
The Silk Tie likes Jaymes! We think we have a great idea, is our idea crazy?
Tornado on the ground in Jackson Co... a strong line of storms is sweeping across southern MN. We'll keep you in the loop on Fox @ Five.
damn! I wasn't there again
RT : "Our job is a hell of a lot harder than it was five years ago." {{entire panel chuckles}}
"The future cannot be predicted, but futures can be invented."
Fw: Child ID Flyer
The two scales at anytime are 9 pounds off of eachother.
Just got 100/100 on my first software development assignment!
I know some panty inspectors. “: Anyone know a good home inspector? Need to get one done.”
Tic Toc Tic Toc... we can't wait! #Monicals RT : T-minus 5 days till !!!
UNFOLLOWED or WORSE...OFF WITH MY HEAD :/
Say my name, say my name when no one is around you say baby I love you!!!
You don't have to be a geek to love your Mac either :) (Hugging MacBook)
it's a "compliment" wrapped around a hundred layers of insult
I feel like "the water boy" 2day as I get ready for Sunday & look at old pics...I LOVE MY MOMMA!! Haha
In just a matter of days, states like Nevada and New Jersey have ramped up their efforts to pass legislation for online poker!
missed you tonight…my day was that much more empty
Good! How about you?(:
The plastics and polymers are uses to bring sheen, lift, and volume. These elements tend to get on the scalp and build a plastic coat.
I hope the cowboys keep screwing up:)
Q from senior to #Zimbabwe youth: "What will you pursue for your future? Would you be interested in coming to the US?"
Miss coaching baseball and soccer.
"Time for President Obama to submit all three job-creating trade bills" <-- means its almost time for you to say Y they suck
correct me if i'm wrong.i'm not sure who said it.we let Cody (babyface) Ross go because we belive in Cameron Maybin.
31 pages of story boarding for act 1 of #TheRedRider! ... If a picture is worth a thousand words...
Yes school was in
When are you coming to Chicago? The city is bursting at the seams with stories ready to be told by the brilliant Henry Pacheco
can you please follow me :) ♥♥
YESS!! Finally bout to leave , I'M TIED "/ ALL :-)'s now
Anyone wanna help us out by attending our next shoot?
Have I told you the joke about the tall wall. I probably shouldn't. You might not get over it.
Oh hi fever, where'd you come from? That's cool, now please go away
And now is weighing in on 's Twitter/social media expenses ...
You can get the knack very quickly! They have the same shortcuts as blogger I believe. Go for it! Looks great!
FACT. MT “: In my very humble opinion, Beastie Boys album "Paul's Boutique" is not only my fave, but their finest production”
I just know it will be haha
Guess what I get to do for work this afternoon - go to at to go see an octopus! (named after ) SO fun!
Does it seem like Hootsuite makes updates throughout the day, every day? I'm always getting msges to reload the dashboard b/c of changes!
: Garmin Nüviphone for Android has a lot going for it. Is it threatened by Nexus 1's free turn-by-turn tho? That's the kwestch.
Chicago Bears sign draft pick Alshon Jeffery
Controversial! Personally, I think we should have a 'buy your own' policy with Wi Fi throughout plus an additional allowance.
thanks! I might rework my "digital projects" section to something that will also accommodate it.
My brother is filling out his graduation cards. Can't believe he's graduating college already.
15 weeks this week...thank you! Due Nov 1st, and can't wait!
SHE SAID RIGHT NOW IS NOT THE TIME SO IMMA GO GRAB A COUPLE THOTS INTELL ITS TIME FOR ME TO RETURN HOME.
you got "Prospective" 30/1 odds
Dept Homeland Security bldg across the street has a suspicious device. Everything is blocked off. I can't get anywhere. I'm hungry.
Concert today :D
follow live coverage of #assistantopinionretreat via twitter with
anytime I love wisdom! Have a great day and an amazing week!
Linen Pants x TOMS = SPING
C-USA set to make press release tomorrow @ 10am, followed by UTSA presser at 1030 in Harris room of UC.
AMEN, sister. Exactly.
Put another on the board. I'm in!
I have decided that I do not want to sit around and wait for opportunties and/or people. I am MAKING things happen 4 me
": Stay trippy mane" you gonna celebrate Juicy Js birthday? Haha
Hey Pam. Still looking for comedy reels?
everyone here sends their condolences to you and the rest of the Dunn family.
Congratulations to and ! I love that you know so many pacifists (3 of us brought Ferdinand the Bull as gifts for the baby)!
got to Dollar Tree and found it is closed. And me with most of Christmas shopping to do. Sigh.
The Goddess, or one of 'em, heard my plea about the rain...and so glad we have enough snowpack in Northern CA finally.
Carmelo was about ready to open-hand slap someone
oh my goodness this is awful! Her poor parents must be beside themselves. Truly hoping she's ok.
Awww, thanks, Patricia!! Happy mother's day to you, too!
another great article! the upcoming elections should be very interesting
The only journey is the journey within. Rainer Maria Rilke
GTL all complete by 9am. Guess that's one positive thing about being woken up by a ginormous moth bouncing on my face at 3am.
Off to break in my new candy pink PS3 controller with some Modern Warfare 2 :D
Just checked your Tumblr. Go read Brideshead! There are also memory, college hijinks, and architecture. And ocean liners and ...
tory keep yo Dreds and Jersey! Ur so fast that's all DBs can catch!! Blowin in the draft behind u!
She play the games like one of his homies.
u know it's still up in the air but I know I'm going to someone's bar and getting drunk LOL
Nervous about my cousin's teacher having my flash drive that has all my pictures in it. Maybe the woman's stupid & deletes it all?!
": "Where's my navajaaaaaaaa??" " aye got that shit right here
aww! Thanks for the tweet!!! We heart you!!! Xoxo
Love it :)
I hope you have a great weekend.
I don't say this about most movies but I could 'Think Like A Man' again for all of the sexy Black Women in it. Regina Hall is my favorite!
Come on up in the Pit and workout for free your 1st time. Get instantly motivated after walking in.
Never regret anything because at one time, it was exactly what you wanted.
And had a blast! Milwaukee Bay Challenge 2nd Overall (via )
I have tomorrow morning off and I'm off at 10 tonight. What's going on, guys?
Think someone hacked acct! YOU don't need to worry about weight loss. Glad to see ya!
Don't laugh..... Acting but I ain't going. When I had sign up I thought they wud not call me. I was just bored at the time
Facing the consequences from being at the track all weekend.
Topeka Thunder must have stayed home KC Bulldogs 17 Topeka Thunder 0. Twelve min to go in the 1st quarter.
Listening to trust issues
The key is moderation, not denial. :)
Super crazy head-explode-y congratulations to for her NBC Pilot, Chicago Fire, being picked up. So very proud!
Deposit check, possible jog, bottle of Jack
We Will Never Forget and they will never stop giving us reasons to remember. #godblessamerica and god help them if they try that shit again.
Hey, if is a Doctor, I'm a fuckin rocket scientist!
I like pizza
Jeepers! I didn't know you are on Twitter! Yes- it was nice waving to you on Monday! Smooch!
fuck up individuals aren't we!
I will have that answer for you later today we are meeting tonight at 8 to discuss deals for
if you got an egg for your twitter icon
- that place was/is so nasty.
Big hugs my new pageant sister ! Thanks for following me love and I can't wait to meet you in July! Xoxo
At Least Nobody Bugs You About Reaching Far Ass Shit.
So... I just need an extended battery! GREAT!
23-10 with 4 minutes left. Lets go #Nighthawks!
I did it! Roscoe's chicken & waffles for the 1st time! Yum! Thanks for a great start at 9a this morning Tory Thompson and Dino Scofield! :)
FOLLOW ME?! IM YOUR GUITAR<3 i know ya love me....i know ya care just shout whenever & ill be there! lolollololol
Craigslist Founder will Donate $1 to National Wildlife Federation if you use
I'm exhausted .
You were created to be you, so feel good about yourself.
What a beautiful morning! Just take a look outside at the sunshine! It's such a wonderful week! Here comes the weekend! :)
Thanks for the follow, and congratulations on your success, Jill!
Thank you!
Thank you, welcome to you also. What do you do?
You are welcome! It's good to connect! Hope you are having a great day!
Jealous of all those headed to #sxsw. Austin is an awesome city :)
You scare me...so we are even...
Do you even feel like ur being watched?
It seems like everyone is making something of their life, and I'm just here laying around.
taking a 3hour lunch break. lol, yea... I do it
thats so cool! and a friend of mine got mine for me. if you dont mind me asking, but how old are you?
yay! I already got mine but a friend wanted to know! Can't wait to see ya! 😄
Survived jury duty Day 2 w/Poets on Teaching: A Sourcebook, feat., among othrs, , , , ,
damn straight
I should prolly tweet more but I never get retweeted isn't that the point here lol
On to the next one...
misses you around the building.
same here-_-some say"are you talking about those asian people again"or"whats with you and those asian people your obsessed with"
Aw, hi! Thanks for remembering me! I'm doing alright but had to vanish a while for teh crazy life. How are you!?
lol it was a girl and getting it in with don i take that as she likes hotdogs not tacos ;D
If marriage is your object, you'd better start loving your subject.
Follow us for GWCC food and beverage specials throughout the week
i will cuddle tonight.
: I definitely make enough of a mess to at least appear to be channeling him!
I just noticed that my profile is missing several months worth of tweets? What's up with that? Now, there's big gaps in my life!
I try but he convinces me to shave cause if not he'll go and attack my great grandmas cousins neighbors sister-in-laws dog.
😳 are your parents crazy?! That's way too late.
I miss being 15
That is to say gutting contribution LIMITS.
She call me monster cuz i make her scream in the dark!!!!
New Sign Idea: "Please don't eat the headphones" ? kid wrecked a pair by practically chewing through the cord
“: Gonna b a gr8 nite for my show out at Harborview Marina here in North VA-BH” On my way!!
aha;)he does:)
#ShoutOut to and
That's exactly what I said! loves it!
Honestly, I think you like little boys
Could be said to anyone running behind you .... ": your view much better :) ”
December 21st presents at with special judge . Doors open at 7pm, show starts at 8pm
Pick up line of the night: you're eyes are magical
Check out Dave Blair's new music vid for "New Day Dawning"...!
sounds like you are in the Fort?
fine...we can watch american juggalo...its a great film
I'm doing great! How are you? Hope you have some fun weekend plans=)
is a cool SF brand engagement agency. Really innovative ideas to create relevant ad copy and messaging using social analytics
I could care less how Teddy feels, they were guilty & got a slap on the wrist compared to some of the punishments given out now
RT “: Once they stop talking to you they start talking about you”
yeah, it's a "new" cup...lookin all busted with grease stains...#fuckouttahere! Lol U lucky I don't work the register..
I just read that as "& she scissored Jesus"...
where are you at ? RT : I MISS YOU TOO FUCK WITH ME SOMETIME LIKE TODAY
How is everyone doing?
Seriously wish I could just put Taylor to bed now & knock out! So exhausted
her face today when she yelled though.. LMFAO I WAS CRYING! 😂 & hay slut 🎀
We're back on the oven tomorrow. Sansome and Pine, 11:30-2pm
lol..lucky ass..
Glad im not no weak Bitch!!!!!!
The brother walks in puts his hands on my face and says are they cold, I was warm until he came in...
“: If you're the smartest person in the room change rooms!”
I will think about it
My waffles are the bees knees. (;
I like the less exercise part. :P
Not only is it 20th Century thinking, but it still is the dominant economic model our leading politicians.
you have the best damn chicken wings ever. we like to take them to the drive in.
Y'know, as a native of LA, I fail to see why anyone would live there instead of Seattle. I know, work. But still... ;)
It’s a perfect day for ______ #icecream!
I am loving your book, sweetie! Glad you are in a better place/space. Stay strong!
We encountered an issue with some server updates that brought down our main storage server. It may not be up until tomorrow. We apologize!
I don't have nothing to regret at all in the past, except that I might've unintentionally hurt somebody else or something. - Jimi Hendrix
Honoring our wounded soldiers tonight... You can too. Visit www.woundedwarriorproject.org
Nice job tonite by , , , , , & our favorite Aussie,
Today's Sandwich: Tuna salad on a croissant w/ lettuce, tomato, provolone cheese & a cup of soup..$6.95 *Chili & Chowder 50 cents extra
yep. It's true you hate me.
I can't believe its already march next week.. Time flies too quick!
Omg go away hiccups
BibleFax: B4 th exile(586-36BCE)most Israelites not monotheists! Yahweh was a terrific warrior, but wht did he know bout making crops grow?
can I get my CD now LOL
lol. Yeah. Y? U didn't tell me you were going
I really have nothing to say, but I am saying it alot
I LOVE YOU MORE LOVEY!!! :) xoxo ALWAYS REMEMBER THAT!! <3
If I get wet today were fighting
Nothing like being stuck in a parking garage!
One of the greatest feelings in the world. I miss it, but unfortunately, not enough to get my ass back in the gym. Yet.
where would you put your coffee? are there cupholders in your giant hamster ball?
NO YOU DON'T
Taking my Morning Doo-Doo.. Todays color is Khaki. Looks like imma have a Good Day today! :)
Let's go buy the flying lawnmower
I couldn't let anybody badmouth donuts, even on behalf of their cousins who retained the original spelling from the old country.
ill come take care of you (:
“: Damn I never thought it would become this hard this fast.” that's what she said. :)
your words mean more than words
#night #photography is pretty fun lol haven't shot long exposures in a while.
No Air is what im singing.. :)
Hey Elle, I just messaged you information about Peace Day 2011. It is in 3 messages. THANK YOU so much!!!
We aren't promoting it, we are bucking it. /duckface
Jacket Backers Game Watching Party going on now at
Boston all the way
When someone says "Love it or leave it", They're really saying you don't have the right to change things your government is doing.
listening to the Dalai Lama chanting... amazing how powerful the words are and I don't even understand the language.
The Suns tonight
Golden Doodle :)!
Looking forward to seeing some amazing shots! Thnx evry1
Very Nice article in Alb The Magazine this month
Maybe Ginsberg can get Scalia's backing after one of their opera dates or something.
Hm definitely Chicken Kabob for lunch #Greek...iThink lol
- Something Isn't Right !!!
Also, this woman was completely obsessed with the hair band Nelson. But I think that was actually just her cultivated, quirky schtick.
oh that's awesome (:
Getting new covers for my phone #winning ❤
Adrian Gonzalez is no Paul O'Niell.
Another early start at work. #Leggo!
yea I'm down here right now in line for a poster right now with my son
That which is worthwhile IS worth the extra effort. Give it All you got! It's just when you think it won't happen that it DOES
Haha well thanks! You're awesome too, I love your tweets
uh, no, i wasnt talking about u, i was tlkng about this girl, nashieka in my science class, y did u think tht?
maybe... I don't wanna get in trouble with my dad :p he says it's strictly for school people
Yea Dale Winters
Advice to my buddy, "Don't worry - you're in the opening scene of a hilarious movie. You'll be fine by Act I."
What's up George, are you still interested?
Cavalli dress, and high heels with a drop top on hot wheels.
If you want something simple, use garage band, set it to voice and then hit record.
Step into the living room and I'm just going to ignore how all the cat's toys are on the dog's blanket.
RT So, one race to go, District 8, Pasch (D) v. Darling (R) for control of the Wisconsin State Senate.
Topics of discussion included the Harriet Fulbright College teacher program as well as the Summer School Program.
Ask An Expert Mondays: Can you wait 4 more days to ask questions to our experts?
one of the teams that are on the brink of elimination will go on to win their series. Why can't it be
how do I find out if I can catch an early flight home?
I don't know if you should be comforted or scared that your body handled that much alcohol.
Lol yes tht VERY MCH is how i feel , along with sum other explicit thoughts (; LMAO
I'm a teenager. I text at the speed of light, listen to my music too loud, roll my eyes, fall in love easily & get my heart broken.
Good Luck Buddy!
They currently have soy lecithin in the chips but great timing: I have sourced soy-free chips for 2012! Stay tuned and thank you!
That is awesome, thx! RT : Feels so good! My Jan donations went to , , &
A heart-how shall I say?-too soon made glad,
An instructor once told me that when there's resistence in your body, it's only because of the resistance in your mind.LET GO. Lisa Bonet
where to?(:
you're the shit!!
so start partying with professionals. duh
You follow him around like a little puppy. He does not like you!
If you think you are too small to make an impact, try sleeping in a room with a few mosquitoes. ~ West African proverb
ghost i tell u
S/o to all 4,066 of you #BoonDockKingz followers!! Yall are a big part of this! Lets make this year one to remember!!
"Starve a bully, Feed your soul." The wises words I ever heard from anyone.
top 5 highlights on the show HS interviewing Roger Waters? You looked genuinely happy...
#yobitv cool t.v. like the way its going
The Los Angeles Review of Books: Getting real tomorrow (7am Eastern/4am Pacific). Read it and weep.
3/25/1784->J. Craik:I had rather glide gently down the stream of life, leaving it to posterity to think & say what they please of me...
he said take my hand, live while you can, don't you see your dreams lie right in the palm of your hand.
Jason Mraz's new album, Love Is A Four Letter Word, is amazing
i do that to my brother at least once a week. do it!!
Dear Tapjoy, i erased your games and i am still getting your junk ads.... You guys suck and are sneaky little shits
Word, my brotha from my motha. ;)
#Worldseries Let's go
Not able to Attend conference? Follow along via twitter -
Trying to keep up here: is "Swiss" the new euphemism for "gay"?
Hi Tevis! I'm right now studying at Harvard and am steeped in study - tweeting thru a lecture on linguistics right now. How RU
If you're taking advantage of this #NewEngland #weather and going #skiing, forget the car and PM us for info on a ride today!
I'm going to kill someone in school today.
Another day in national credit card Empire expanding with public unconditionally proud of Superpower status with Might makes Right Mindset.
✔ Above the influence.
Pickup Line: You're ugly but you intrigue me.
Please tell me how I can make Teen Hoot better for the fans??
gurllll good choice (;
It's a #meatloaf kind of night.
is bout to shock the world
RT : Finally saw Anthony Davis twin sister.. Disappointed she doesn't have a unibrow.
...anyone needing a workout buddy in Chicago?! Help!
thats brett for ya. that was a stupid waste of a timeout. stupid calls he makes.
Great! Pretty exciting stuff! :)
Good job Bucky! It's up to MU now!
A Texas-Cal Holiday Bowl means 4 weeks of whining by Cal fans about Mack's smack in '04. ... Gonna love every second of it.
Who on earth is Sarah Phillips??!!
Thank you for sharing. We are very excited about the Tangerine Tango, but then again who isn't :)
we need more #3day_weekends. Write your legislature, start a grassroots movement
They wanna hate me
Roman dads are powerful, w/lifelong responsibility, but life expectancy was short--by age 25, there's 2/3 chance father is dead
Who comes out worse or ? Probably both.
chubbys sounds so good right now 😍
Thank you and for the RTs!
Ron Paul is trending!
You know summer is starting when people just show up randomly at my house
No-hitter in Anaheim! Jered Weaver. Awesome when it happens.
Your health is your greatest wealth, so start investing in it today.
In the mood for a "Spring Fling"...come enjoy this lightly hopped, crisp copper ale from Blue Point...perfect for losing the winter blues...
thanks for the follow
take me home, i don't wanna be alone tonight<3
Oh look, 200 followers. #homeworkcomplete can I still get points for Marketing??
me too. Just doesn't feel right...
Why not just hit Montero here? They r up 2
Then the bus taking forever to come back.
It's just a job. Grass grows, birds fly, waves pound the sand. I beat people up.-- Muhammad Ali
So Bullies are real tough when dealing with a 17 y/o. How about bringing that to me and lets see how i deal with you. U have no control!
Just dropped a line to AppThat, but realized it was you I'd really like to chat with about project idea. Contact info?
thank you! Awww. So sweet. <3
"this #streetpizza ain't gonna eat itself" - offering me the last slice.
Are there repressed issues you have that you feel a need to discuss by posting that tweet?
I wonder how it must feel to live in your little sisters shadow, cunt.
Wishing... Kayla to Chicago with No.23 pick
the joys of getting older :) Oh well! :)
Ok I heard Emma's his ex? Don't think that's true. The pic looked pretty recent
So do you think clouds should be rooted in ISP? Region? Personal network - as if?
It was different from a $20 steak but not much different from a $40-$50 steak.
Great conversation yesterday; barbershop talk was excellent; needs to be many more; followed by unity and action.
Trying to write something beautiful for you fellows
We'll never be perfect but we're WORTH it-worth all God has 4 us. Believe it tdy. Get rid of ANYthing stopping u from living in God's will.
To be honest .. That year drop was ment for you ...
Goodnight, my beautiful and whimsical world. May you never run out of surprises.
on a side note... Thank god for my tenacity - not a lot to laugh about at 4am without those cheesy pick up lines :-P
Go Ducks!!!
T-Minus not-that-long until I strap on my stretch pants and reunite with this weekend.
REALLY THE GUY KILLED HIMSELF .SAD BUT THERE WAS HELP HE QUIT LIFE!!!!
we can't be the boss as long as the system is based on raising the most funds. & we can't change that system until we're boss.
ok, so i'll probably be a hatefull cunt tonight, and i don't really give a fuck, so if you're expecting niceness. no. fuck you.
that's a good mantra. Trying to enjoy his little self as much as possible, even at 4 a.m. :)
Haha I suppose I never thought it would endure to this day. Plus, it's gross. :-)
Listening to race on my old timey radio. Can't help watching it, then feel silly. Enjoying last of sun's warmth + light 4 the day
Austin we really appreciate you following Poised Creation on Twitter!! :)
REAL STEEL WAS A GOOD ASS MOVIE!!!
My dog was just having a dream where, instead of twitching his paws and yipping, he wagged his tail ferociously.
When I was 5 I wanted to jump in the tv and whoop the guy that punches George Strait in pure country. 20 years later...ain't changed
Thanks! It was sweet and I love those purple guys too :)
Really? I have to wait to be seated b/c my "party" hasn't arrived? But you have 20 open tables?!?
dude, where are you? I'm here.
Girls made a salad tonight from cilantro, chives, lettuce growing in the yard.
Reading tweets makes twitter totally worth it for me.
that was me and my 2 sisters growing up :) drama lol we've always been super close and are best friends even as adults!
hell yes u are bud
Kobe fisher doesn't play for the Lakers, anymore. Don't throw him the ball.
Over the past 200 years, the wheel of history and ideas has turned. We decided to return home --Dror Eydar
My faux hawk is back!
R u sayn that u actually luv me or r u sayn it like black ppl luv chicken...hum I wonder lol I started asking do u like my nail poish lol
Great call by Bengals. Best matchup might be Gruden vs. Phillips.
I'm in pieces baby fix me, just shake me till you wake me from this bad dream<3
Going to try and sleep!
RT Thinking about the good work of No particular reason. Thank you for the awesome #SKC season Graham. Happy holidays!
RT : “Be presidents of each other's fan clubs.” - Tony Heath
Shannon Good Morning. ur Parent's Boat! :-
Here we go Bulls! #IBelieveThatWeWillWin let's beat those orange!
wow tbs better play this is all now at warped
sounds good haha
I would totally watch a prime time TV series, "Duncahhan" starring Jack Hannahan & Shelley Duncan as Miami Vice-esque duo .
3. Production has been moving out of the U.S well before 2008, and by Ford, Nissan, Honda and many others not bailed out.
I love how my crew always has my back 💘 even tho I can go alone . Nice to know I still have the same people to count on
LMAO at "right to arm bears" tshirt for sale at Milwaukee public market
Love You Jasminators!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!
"I wonder who I'm going to be sitting next to" "I bet you its mr.305" lmfao this guy looks like pibull xD
I'm here
congratulations jason
He's already got a new CD? I thought he just signed with MMC like today?
Been having much success with recent projects!!!! Looking forward to the upcoming journey! @
It's that time again! FIRST FRIDAY!!! The gallery will be open until 10 tonight
Cuatro de Mayo, baby! RT : This lady at the bar is ripping shots of tequilla already
In my head that's funny at least... I'm a duck.
Her toes are coming out the front.
i'm down
totally stumped with a podcast recording question: how to convert mono mic into stereo files?
are u at the game?
BARBIE I need a picture with a SUN TUBE! for the next edition...like a jocobs ladder pic...let me know, BYE DOLL
Kony couch potatoes lost
preciate ya bro!
summers coming
Im adding studs&spikes to some gear for upcoming shows. My mom tells me they sell spikes @ some fetish shop in central. thnx mom. weird.
shout out to you! you aren't cool if you're not following him! so might as well follow him!
Thanks, man. Letting that rant out before a lab accident turned it into my supervillain raison d'etre was a real relief.
Very drunk watching act a fool and post drunk tweets. Good times
just watched the keira knightly vid 4 coco mademoiselle. in the real world keira would be suing fotog for sexual intimidation on the job
hell yes and they are HUGE :) let's go soon please
It's that creepy overhead light that makes it!
It's too hot in this house!
If I had to get raped at some point I just hope it's by a ninja so I never even have to know about it.
two tests today & a quiz. #HonorsWorldHistory #HonorsBiology #HonorsEnglish9 oh no..
Just saw Apollo 18. :)
blah! That's a lie she swear she hard and ain't even bout it lol you dnt be around you " Jackie" like I do she a dang fake
Its official!! Reignwolf will be added to Sasquatch line-up! Any more bands you would like to see on there?
That Blazer game looked horrible! But seeing Brandon Roy's smiling face back in the RG was so great!
Interesting - any details? MT : #cosugi12 Baker & Taylor is taking accountability for the HarperCollins 26 is promising to fix it
feel about the same thinking of taking a semester off.
Don't forget to tune in and watch The Phantom of the Opera next Tuesday, March 6 at 8 pm on !
finally, SPRING BREAK!!! it's gunna be a good one! (:
practice up mang! "we sittin here talkin bout practice?!"
We're open for lunch and dinner....come out and visit us today!
Just gave away another copy of Fahrenheit 451 for free.
A cop just gave me $5. I took it. Today is weird but awesome.
Who has two thumbs and is already drenched in sweat?
InfiniteSkills - New InfiniteSkills Web Programming with Python Tutorial Harnesses Power of Object Oriented ...
Gift wrapping fundraiser at Barnes and Noble starts tomorrow!! 1939 Mount Zion Road, Morrow, GA 30260 #comevisit T/TH 11-4 (W 11-5)
i surrender.
Can't wait 2 c "Think Like a Man" I'm so there.. enjoying on Steve Harvey Morning Show..big fan :)
& Jesus loves us! its raining tonight so were not running the mile tomorrow <3
Such a great suggestion.
#SongsToPlayWhileHavingSex .. One Direction's What Makes You Beautiful :)
UMM I GOT THE GREATEST SHOW ON EARTH.. #MOVIE, but when u hear dese new songs you gone be looking like this $__$
That, or eating brown sugar and maple syrup out of the bottle.
awesome! Look forward to seeing it!
A big FICA YOU from Congress for Christmas!
I'm in a bar at a casino in AC. NHL 36 James Neal is on. Hahaha.
Walking speed correlated with pantent creation. Walk faster.
Seems like you guys should be able to do this with DigitalPulse since the functionality is already there for sprops and evars
There was a 4-car wreck in Mexico yesterday. 87 people died
Do you know someone struggling with depression, anger, marriage issues, etc. Please give us a call today.
yea- I have done websites and databases in the past.
Im Never OD'n Again Those Days Are Over!
": 11 straight games for Rodgers w/ at least 2 TD passes, and 11 straight w/passer rating over 110" if only he could do halftime show
It feels like I'm just losing everyone I love. I hate this. A lot.
Who's excited for fantasy NCAA basketball? Coming soon, but I guess we can settle for NCAA football for now...
thank you so much!!!
On my way to Huberts to hang out w/ , & for a Home Opener pre party, stop by & say hi!
Literary listings - Chicago Sun-Times
l hate when couples rub their relationship in your face.
havnt nobody seen me in years
We will have a fan upfront:) If you get a ticket we will give you a bracelet:)
Hi, do you still have an extra ticket?!
going to of course!
Way too much time!
Not clicking on any links from you. I know a lady that clicked on one & got a virus that turned her into a fundamentalist.
*Check out 's timeline of retweets. Twitter is awash with some nasty ungrateful whining little shits this Christmas.LAME
cant wait to get #COD to come out on itunes or i can juss get it in the store #OMFG i wanna meet you so badly come to #NYC soon
“: We are!! You have such a great hit. I love that song. :)” appreciate you!
#cleaning 🔫 me!
You're welcome. I hope it help. Goodnight!! It's almost 10:30 pm Tuesday over here. Work pa tomorrow.
nah bro. You wouldn't have any life!!!
This fool 👇hahaha
watch the video we just posted and see if we're close to you!
You know it
*earlier today* S:Look out the window C:What? S:Don't you see it? C:and what is it? S: It's us together in the near future
I like to snuggle with my body pillow
Getting hair done by the wonderful people at Can't wait to hit the dance floor tonight.
hey I heard you were from Oceanside... I was born at tri city hospital... Retweet?
“: Now playing the role as ”. What?! :0)
Sometimes drinking a beer down by the river is all a man needs to clear his head.
i love video chatting with friends! <3
Mistletoe is not an excuse for sexual assault.
Last night was Legen...wait for it...
Don't know what Moises Alou is doing besides shopping @ Scottsdale but he looks like he could still be pissed @ Bartman!
Tell Congress regarding #SOPA and #INTERNET #CENSORSHIP "End Piracy, Not Liberty" - RIGHT ON
Halftime in Syracuse. lead the 9-8
hi lets work out tomorrowwwwzzzz
#BestMemoryOf2011 was the time I and fun I got to have with
I need a ride home despately
That picture i just seen WHOA DERE !! >>>>>>>
Ambushed by a cloud of butterflies on 14th st. DC insects not all bad after all.
Breakfast meeting w Accelerent partners
Thought for the day: "Keep your mouth shut and your eyes wide open!"
I know it's not their fault personally, but where's the nearest Apple store employee so I can punch them in the face real quick?
agreed that some have, but often not late nite. So u say no room for innovation? They've crushed it? (they have delis too..)
you would think niggas be complementing the AVI cause that pic of you in that position.....we could do some thangs, follow me
When #grocery shopping, compare #costperounce. Often non-name brands offer the same quality at
Well then give me some love and don't come at me all wrong, look back at the time when you were new.
Beautiful day for some soccer then golf
Happy Mothers Day to all you beautiful, strong, loving, caring Mothers out there!
is pretty sure it's ok to be angry with a friend when he calls you at 12:45am when you've told him you planned to be asleep by eleven.
Was that the 'shortest # of links between pages' game? I, too, loved that game!
Clémence Poésy Is The New Face Of G-Star Raw ’s Spring Campaign Harry Potter star Clémence Poésy is fast becoming a big fashion nam
I knew I could provoke you :-)
Just saw someone drive down our street with their car door OPEN! I am pretty sure this is a very bad idea!
USA firm yes. Regards John.
you have to admit, i've been doing better though.
Seriously, Instagram is my new obsession.
haha im glad you like it
The name of the LORD is a strong tower; the righteous run to it and are safe. Proverbs 18:10
Find a heart that will love you at your worst and arms that will hold you at your weakest
Thank you! I also have a bearded one!!
If you're offering to teach us how to get 20000 twitter followers, and you only have 300 - rethink your plan.
#playoff"beard"
tax time comes too fast each year! not what i want to be doing on a sunday!
Just saw Jon Jay and Allen Craig at dinner.. Spring training is awesome!
Just corrected my misunderstanding of functional programming. Enlightenment.
Kevin Mullen of Community Plates, food for the homeless, will be on "The Rock of Talk" Morning Drive at 7:25AM. Tune in!...
The information you share is always great.Good to know that we are not alone working for good food for everyone!!
packing over 300 football goals to go out to Amazon and Shop Direct today! Arrrgghhh
They'll steer HER towards the expensive stuff. Then you'll buy THAT.
As if our logos couldn't get any worse... Whoever created this definitely proved me wrong!
Are you a glamour girl? You will LOVE the Canyon Group Glamour Girl pink robe available from www.rosegardenboutique.com! Great glam gift!
Big Big Big Big Big BOOTY BITCH !!!!
Excited to be putting the finishing touches on our Paul Williams project!
Didn't know Punto had Middlebrook's number. But any number change would indicate he's sticking around!
how could i not? that pug in a tux is too much to resist! so classy.
That's what capital markets are for. Or mergers.
Good morning! Preparing for tomorrow's session debate on Medicaid!
Shout out to my newest follower the one and only
I hate pants omg
sadly, I am too.
Not looking fwd to school Tomo. So ready for this semester to be over!
Was good Yoo!
I guess I met you for a reason, only time can tell.
Um did you change your #, Sir?? I tried calling but it wouldn't go thru :T
Full service luxury office, providing you with all the necessary material for business development.
RT : . is such wonderful team, incredible hosts! Gracias!
You take on the responsibility for making your dream a reality. – Les Brown
Chem=hurting my brain :( so ready for summer
With regulation we can prosecute them. Deregulation made what they did not "criminal".. just morally reprehensible.
What's going on?
it can be enjoyable as long as you remember that anonymous ppl are prone to mean comments. Stick with ppl who own it.
idiot? Ha.. I just know an annoying orange dork who thinks he's part of the team showed up during the WCF in '10 as the "#1 fan"
I was in absolute awe at Pau's performance last night. He stepped up when his team needed him the most & delivered. That's what stars do
Courtney would quit the #Bachelor right now if they made her jump off of a cliff.
love those. Hard to find though.
if you feel just like a tourist in the city you were born, then it's time to go
go brewers!
I Hate When U Act Off Ugh Get It Together!!
how serious is the surgery?
Salsa Wednesdays is so much fun! Really thankful for this event! People dance, drink & truly enjoy themselves...
If you are not happy just remember this the bliss we feel when we are up is the bliss we can feel when we are down just choose happiness.
FOLLOW ME BACK:) 61
Learn from your mistakes
That will be perfect! Super close. Hope you have a smooth move and see you next session!
Hi Jawar...hope all is well with you. LTNS
how to disable iphone notifications: settings > general > sound effects > change it to off or headphones only. :)
Twit-R-Done!
I couldnt get the epsilen mail to work so i emailed Mrs. Warner and Dropped it with both of our names on it! =)
Not everyone who knows you, will know your value or worth. Who cares! as long as YOU KNOW, you will draw others to YOU, who do.
Glad to hear you’re a fan! RT: Sunbelt Oats and Honey granola bars!!!! >>>>>>>>>>
wow! U can't ever cut this man a break. Do u REALLY think he doesn't kno the dif btween Asia and Hawaii? He's human not God
First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do.
a little late but thanks for the retweets and follow
I don't know men
:) <3 what are you doing tonight?
Listening to The Builders and the Butchers while laying back in my hammock. Love it when I can get outside and relax!
Haley Reinhart Is 'The Bomb,' Randy Jackson Says, Downplaying Feud
Happy Bday niece! Auntie love u! And watch ur mouth; u r not grown yet ma'am. RT It my muthafuckin #Birthday!!!!
Getting pretty close to being done with Episode 4 — Pretty excited to share this with y'all.
Just got the Georgia dress in sunrust and it is STUNNING! Thanks for making such awesome, fun, unique clothes!
is in 's Audience Sell-Out Challenge tonight. 1/2 price tix. If we sell out, 1/2 price tix next wk. Ad infinitum.
I did fall for your hunger games post in pintrest though
So excited to work with from #acutabove today at the Amway Arena! Let's rock this house!
The Cabin In the Cotton (1932).
Never again will I ever buy another bullshit piece of junk phone. Unless one day I decide that I could really use an aneurysm.
Great clip. You don't see this happening today...
LoveJoy, Peace,Patience,Kindness,Faithfulness,Gentelness and Self Control #Thingsthat get me through the day
what type of short video?
I can't believe I missed 's great news last night! But now I saw them, I'll tell you I'm EXCITED about #PutYourHeartsUp ♡
hell yea.
Well aren't you the sweetest ever?! Wait, don't have time to talk, must write speech.
thinking about how cold it is outside....bbbrrrr
That the good rev doesn't recognize the grace PBO shows.... meh....
I want to hear about it!
"One can have no smaller or greater mastery than mastery of oneself." ~da Vinci
well bye guyz i am going 2 a reserant ugh i dont really want 2 go but i hav 2 go but :( still
Hey hussy, when your perfume overpowers the smoldering cloves in the glass, you are officially wearing too much.
texted me back! made my day!
Breaking: As Per Clinton Agreement, Kim Jong-Il Comes To Retrieve Obama Children (via )
'Children Behind The Wall' Documentary - Tijuana, Mexico
What has been your favorite job and why?
Danny Ainge shows more interest in the success of his team in one game than the entire #redsox front office has shown since 2004.
Stonewall, where grown man play.
What's the point spread of the faculty vs student game today at Brandon MS?
It's so dangerous tho........ Lol not
of course Braun leads off, worst case scenario when down 2
Thursdays , Trivia + $3.50 Trumer Pilsner Pints! Just read something on about you guys not being douchey. Congrats!
. Hope you enjoy INUKSHUK!
Thanks for the re-tweet!
I WANT TO omg :'( WHY JFK THOUGH LOGAN IS CLOSER GOSH
im Not That Girl: And You cant Please me Like you did Her #Charm comes Before Game so Run everything you just said back.
Mine just passed out and it's almost time to pick his big brother up from school...he's going to be fun
By my calculation, that should've taken you at least 12 hours! RT Just watched Blood In Blood Out two times in a row!!
#Cubs continue their struggling climb back to respectability with a 3-2 lead in the 2nd over the rival #Cardinals but Maholm is struggling.
babies & little mexicans ??? 😒
Essential Workflow Changes: Changes are expected and welcomed - via Michael Allen
Happy Thursday
Weekend finally here
I wish would use INSTAGRAM MORE OFTEN!! Lol:) #real #justsayin:)
- FINALLY got to seeing the live 30Rock shows. loved'em! can we see more Joey Montero please? that was the best ;)
Few women admit their age. Few men act theirs.
Too bad nobody else thinks so!
It's National Walking Day! We wont be mad if you happen to run though.
At the jail bailing someone out. Dam my phone cracking tonight.
turns out that the only thing Pepperidge Farm didn't remember is that I don't give a fuck
good hes mean. And im sorry but hes not that cute..... #justsayin. What did he do?
Congrats on getting your LOEX presentation accepted! You are rocking 2012! :)
yes yes you better !
An idea for your next winning product: Content Grader!
great post; couldn't agree more! just finished packing - i eliminated the maybes (so hard to do) & brought reusable clothing. ;)
its all good
A big thanks to the Metro State Roadrunners Volleyball Team for putting on a clinic for our Volleyball Players last night!
if you and your family are watching American Idol this year, send in the votes in support of she kills it!
Heading into Shade 45 right now to connect with on my #Occupy Book. Get Sirius. Tune in.
That was the best Mad Men commercial ever!
<---Shoulder is killing me.
darn it. Love Boat reunion show?
hope you get your iPad to behave! Have a Merry Christmas!
"When I rule the world, I'll plant flowers" ....on Earth Day!
Glad I'm not the only one...
Oh give me a freakin break
Thanks for
Any Group That Has The Name “Family” In It Are Dangerous…They Should Turn In Their Guns And Go Back To Being Dull.
52% retention rate among most #highered institutions.
American Bandstand.
William Wood teachers address board asking for 'civil and safe and environment'
Failed my test today, gonna retake tomrrow. Hopefully I will pass!
Sad irony is that broadcasters mentioned how lucky STL was avoiding rain/weather rest of country was getting.
Despite all the buzz about social media, email is still the top channel for most marketers...
lmao come get one
Yeah, it's weird. I wonder if she will end up killed off. I liked her last year & loved her battles with Maggie Smith haha.
I’m sorry, but even though bacon is tasty, I’d never order a “bacon milk shake.” Crazy. People are bizarre.
If Derek dies I will never watch #greys again my heart can't take this
Cantillon on tap?!?! Not fair.
Gosh April I still awake laying in her bed looking at her Mobil ! Goto sleep little baby ! It's bed time ha
NUCLEAR POWER IN SOUTHERN CA CAN WE AFFORD IT? July 12, 5:30, San Diego,Rsvp to Join ratepayers & discuss this topic RT
I am too tired to make my own alfredo sauce today. WHY is there not one alfredo sauce in a jar that tastes even remotely good?
Loving ecofriendly biodegradable baby products lowering the
#YouKnowLifeIsGreatWhen... 200 years ago a bunch of drunk mainers seized a brit man of war without any resistance. That's when your
talk to me
hey Brett are you going to be enshrined to the HOF in your home or away Vikings Jersey?
stoned listening to
not a problum
Ooooyeah...out here.
Thanks - right back at you!
Old folks wisdom: "Never get into an argument with a fool; outsiders looking in won't be able to tell the difference."
Recall that Alinsky was Jewish and worked in Chicago. Gingrich code: Stop the Blacks and the Jews. They are destroying America.
Received my first nature gallery wrap from yesterday and it's awesome!
bug mistake..
Last monday until next year
Hotel party time with the in the morning family!
Tweeting all day bc i dont have SHT else to do ^_^
Come to the #anatomy education and career workshop on Saturday at #AAPA2012, 2-3:30. Snacks and great advice!
If i looked like a tumblr girl i would never complain about life.
. You can't possibly be correct, because ANY firm would love to save 8% on their salaries by hiring only women.
I will never fly #Delta airlines. Outrageous. Heads up consumers.. #Whereisthecustomerservice?!
Throwing picks and texting Chicks.
4th grade boys love THE WAY THINGS WORK. Very visual, informative, and fun.
TAGsgf is at Come enter to win a Wii and answer trivia to win a shirt! Score updates at all day long. Follow!
Much obliged for keeping our #5x7social guests happy and hydrated!
Happy to follow you & we agree, we like twitter handle. Love unique twitter names & bios! Ours is biz.
Ppl...why do ppl who stay wit you and don't pay a dime in rent...always have shit to say....
all the other dogs will be jealous
#Scaliday extended: Brian Scalabrine will be used as a guest analyst with for the Bos/Philly series!
Thanks for including in your Subscription Smackdown panel this morning! Great convo and a HOT topic!
My god, it's like looking into a mirror! (I'm the old guy on the left right?)
what's your favorite character to draw?
what's up buddy. You was quiet..
“People that need constant reassurance are dreadful to be around.”
yooo my dude i need followers you got me!!!imma send you a vidgio lol
Don't forget, lifeguard training at Pulaski Pool tonight. 6 pm. RT to job seekers.
thanks my friend. happy to see another day
make sure to ask our friends for advice on Cake-Pops! Birthday Cake,Red Velvet,&Chocolate Covered Strawberry!
Happy Chinese New Year! I love having two new beginnings to the year, don't you?
Jeevo fans - this page is gone in 12 days and counting - pls like Jeevo's new fan page to keep up with his updates
I just want to chill in my bed, but school just has to get in the way. Yay.
We are pleased to announce is now
I wouldn't mind being stranded at home in a snow storm. But freezing rain? In February? Really Mother Nature?
Baby baby baby oh....lol yes I'm listening to Justin bieber
Hey & whoever, bowling and dinner next week?
Even a classic burrito can be diet-friendly at Taco Time NW – Just choose whole wheat, no cheese and mild salsa in place of dressing.
I would do both(:
YOU DID?! CONGRATS.
Role of books in our digital world, implications for Commons design?
Dj Nixx at The Place Tonite - We have been killing it on Mondays - gonna ROCK tonite with The Bruins in Town... $5 pizzas for game!
maybe im not sure - but are u saying that there is less hits when embedded than on the actual youtube site?
praying for me and my friends 2nite! <333
Calories - Little people who live in your closet who sew your clothes a little bit tighter every night
thats cool:) do you get discounts? lol
nah, he's a maniac. Did it jumping, somersaulting, and head first.
A lil tipsy off the keg .. 🍻
Swamp Donkey is currently providing that heavy heavy loud loud groove Drag Me Under is up next. Then
After today's big Ravens' win, remember to recycle all those bottles and cans - there should be a lot of them! Go Ravens!
I live in California :( i can't participate in the Triggerstreet competition :( any suggestions?
can't dm, but chris{underscore}beer{at}wgbh{dot}org
That makes sense...
THE SUPERMALL IS MAJOR I'M FROM AUBURN
Tonight is Industry Night. Half off of everything for all industry people! Cheers!
Write your SF Supervisors NOW re: BOS Files 120300 & 120301! Don't let Scott Weiner ruin our city by gutting Historic Preservation laws!
Thank you, lady!!
Good thing we got rid of that old mayor, because this new one has solved all of our snow problems! lol
procrastination fetish
Voki clsrm makes management of projects easy. Students don't have to sign up individually. Site a bit slow w/ updates at times.
I kinda wanna make an advice blog. So people can anonymously ask me for advice. I adore helping people c:
:) RT : I ordered my custom shirt from yesterday. I got a call that it's ready today! Talk about service!
. . .Sunglasses And Advil, Last Night Was Mad Real. . .
i agree! #ugh. i was cheering for Kacie B.
Watching University of Portland issue out a beat down to USF...Go Pilots
follow for great espresso
girl! I am delinquent-ly twittering this evening (am...) and regret to inform you I'm working tomorrow afternoon... como estas?
Hopefully this loss will quiet loudmouth #Kentucky fans.
If you say beer can with an english accent you also saying bacon in a jamaican accent.
Looking forward to The City Flea today!
With making our crowns
to think Granderson wanted to bunt for insurance...
25% on the way through with The Replacement Wife by Eileen Goudge. I should have finished this a week ago. Hopefully, review by Sunday.
At #nsvfsummit keynote: despite innovative tools and approaches, "We are losing our battle in the court of public opinion"
People think life has to be this way, but w/ God, your life doesn't have to be. Dynamite message from
Going to the 17th inning. Amazing.
HBO's #Girls is on. i'm trying to want to like it. still hasn't brought the awesome enough for me yet
I meant taller, actually. So some poor girl doesn't need to count the inches of sweaty air between her hand and his crotch
np. awesome default!
When tragedy happens it brings out the heroes in our community. I'm thankful for the positive words I have been hearing.
Turned out all we had to do was sit in our assigned chairs and listen to them tell us how to walk. I plan on starting the
I'm looking forward to May 18th.
#DMCA Mitch Singer from Sony talking about
:P yeah yeah and you blame it on me ;)
I think i shall wear my hair wavy for the rest of the school year...which is only 14 more days :D lol.
Funny you say that...I was already headed there myself! Count me in!
I Know Smebdy Gonna Want Me & To Slide On Dem Lata :)
Two years ago I was building a widget. Now I'm doing that once again.
grrrr. I hate being stuck! I'll wait another hour and see =P
Let me see him get that many tweets lol
i watching the bolog tv right now can you follow me :)
": Shouts to this bomb ass girl ha ha saw her last night positive person for real a favorite senior follow:)"
I WANT A CELEB TO GIVE ME A SHOUTOUT!
Nutshots are only funny when they happen to someone else
Goodnight Pittsburgh
COLE HITS THE WALK OFF SOLO SHOT IN THE BOTTOM OF THE 10TH!!!
DC Improv Comedy School Prom tonight. I can legally drink at this one. cc:
someone should ask him if he knows about Grenis when they go to a concert & make a poster that says we love your Grenis xD
Uhm Uncle Jesse is now playing drums with the Beach Boys ?!
What would you love to be doing?
Once you make it out the hole so called friends turn foes.
happy 4th..The beach is packed
(5/6) BUT - This discussion doesn’t actually go into that sort of analysis. It’s all sticker-shock and indignation.
Uggie as a seatmate/conversationalist at the White House Correspondents' Dinner > Lohan and Kardashian combined
Getting ready to eat some steak potatoes and salad can't wait finish watching my movie then to bed I go
The outfield should have dove to save the no hitter
That was French for: "Im the King of the World!"
RT : Pac 12 refs would have overturned that catch by Mario last night, it moved slightly.
Located right here in Lexington, out marketing guy can meet with you at our office!
Don't put off living to next week, next month, next year or next decade. The only time you�fre ever living is in this moment.
How about "pixie?"
It's a great night for some Rangers baseball!! :D
At first coffee was mainly drank by Arab Sufi monks, but by the 15th century it was being drank by everybody.
RT : Let the waters settle, you will see stars & moon mirrored in your being. ~Rumi
Wow I have some seriously bad ass talented followers that I have tremendous respect for #holla I sincerely appreciate it
You can't save searches inside the iPhone app?
hey darlin.. Is there a # for tech spprt at the view? Trying to upload a pic for the teeth makeover. Won't let me.
Thanks, Ryan. I emailed you. Let me know if you didn't get it.
no prob. good luck on the new beat!
Chris Getz is still a #royal. The last remaining link to Carlos Beltran.
if you were real you wouldnt be so happy about a highlight that happens every other day
A POP bitch, that's that shit I don't like!
O boy need more followers.
Going to be on the Sleeping With Sirens headliner tour for a week in March shooting a music video for a band called Conditions! Who's going?
Hahahaha! That sucks. :b
amen RT : I love long, romantic walks to........... the fridge
David west is an idiot
Today I caught myself smiling for no reason... then I realized I was thinking about you.
Lucy is not a puppy
RT : Visit us at Booth #1 to learn latest enhancements to , #cloud, & the Acquia Network.
What the world needs is more geniuses with humility, there are so few of us left....
OH: hopefully not with that lady...
don't remind me. Do we have a meeting?
RT contact me immediately to get 2 for $10, and $15 for VIP
The only place I want to be right now is sitting in the open-roofed Miller Park watching the #Brewers. Alas, I'm in a dorm room studying.
We have $60 do I hear $70? maybe could wear it :D RT I'll chip in a ten spot :)
there are sit ups involved in today's #WOD. I'm guessing that I will be feeling those 80 GHD sit ups I did last night. Oy!
yay!! raises are nice, and this one will help!!
You want a job on planet Earth? And all this time I thought you were here.
Iwanna see and
Thanks for a great and fun class.
WE WANT GREENBAY
you guys can viber me when i'm in Europe :3
thank goodness I'm not the only one lol. :D
Poor Coach! Hope your day gets better... and I am sipping on some Pikes Place... Thank God decided to sell K-cups
Putting off an easy thing makes it hard. Putting off a hard thing makes it impossible. -Charles E. Wilson
I'm pretty sure we're supposed to take that literally.
I am not entertaining your argument! Broke bread & time, now u wanna talk about yesterday?! Come on baby, #Smile & Enjoy The Moment!
Thanks! I saw the papers a couple days ago and enjoyed reading yours on crowdsourcing and deception detection.
not feeling well...
text message , no
Closed LONG $NZDUSD for +40 pips profit; 1% of the community volume is trading the NZDUSD with sentiment 64% SHORT
That's what I'm saying. The drama be slipping by on my ahh. Lol
Security tip 9. Guard your personal information 10. Don't assume privacy. Assume you are being tracked by someone.
iPhone announcement today! give me the play by play!
Pussy calling my name
what a great message. Just happy good stuff. Love it!
So, you're saying that your hair's getting less grey? For some reason I've lost more of mine in last year than ever before...
I need to start writing again. More than 140 characters at a time.
no i can't . just tell me
Awww that's actually on the day of my graduation! I'm sorry :( thanks though!
Gonna give up drinking for a while.
Wake and bake
Me and my love just got to Hawaii that was the longest flight ever..
congratulations on graduating this weekend!
I'm super sleepy! I want to take a nap for like 3 hours O_o
you are locked in. Enjoy the race.
Go to hell! RT : I wanna play the wegi board! ????
1. What Inspired You To Dance? 2 . What Do You Want To Be When You Grow Up? 3 . Celebrity Crush? 4. Favorite Type Of Music ? 1
Happy Birthday girl ( :
• follow us b #400 win surprize gift ! we buy gold silver coins articles of value !WATCH BATTERIES FROM $ 1.99 FREE LAYAWAY!GREAT DISCOUNTS
and some of the mobile only content seems to me to be some of the most interesting didactic content.
I stopped reading your rag pieces around week 2 of last yr.
I'll be in Boston on April 20th.. i'm excited to see what they do to..
Yvonna Russell thanks for the add
oh so pretty I feel pretty
i could never date someone with the same name as me.
I didn't know Rachel Berry's parents were actually two gay fathers! Awesome!
was going to watch Live at the Bike's WPT coverage while scanning papers...but LATB is down.
This week has been so beautifully busy...busy busy bees we've been!
No matter how "busy" a persons day might be. If they "really care", they'll always find time for you.
Happy Friday #SanDiego! Who is driving a #car2go this weekend? Where are you taking it? Let us know!
Aww shucks! Thanks for being you and all that you do!
Check out our GET FIT FOR KIDS CHARITY PROGRAM tomorrow morning on ABC 15 at 530 & 630!
I have never had Nutella
wait what is a noogie?
Initial surveys back from Post-Doc seminar we taught show Dreamweaver higher than Web apps. Greater ability to customize maybe why?
Yay!! My super awesome and incredibly wonderful Sister is now on Twitter! If you like me, you'll LOVE her. :)
HULK LIKE GAYS
Sorry, it was me...
Just enjoyed lunch with some great people
It goes down LIVE inside Club Empire TONIGHT at 9p on with , & ! Join us!
Awww thanks Andy, I'm flattened!
exactly how i am feeling today, just want to be at the yard
we will figure things out tonight “: Torn in between the 2! Ah.”
Huge congrats to my insanely talented friend, on the pick up of ABC's pilot #LastResort!! :) Can't wait to start watching!
Fell asleep at the computer. Wake up. Work. Repeat.
you're very welcome! I wouldn't have it any other way. You're a great person <3 love you!
“: man no disrespect but these dudes are super waaaack. i go on at 11:15, 30 mins before chip!!!” good shit my dude!
it's time to stand up and find out where you came from
yes we got it. I forward it to my business partner. That song is a hit bro!
Just some co-worker ? What going away pizza did you eat?
#sex lets have sex
What's up twitter followers how r u all doin today?!?
VT's Logan Spaw tallies first hit of the game for Hokies, but we're still scoreless thru 5 complete.
I should spend more time with my family
Omg. When people play with my hair > 😌
Big Bill Thompson welcomes Big Bill Daley back to the City of Big Shoulders. Why hang out with those little people in Washington anyway?
looking forward to coming back to L.A. in April!
follow us on , video release time will be tweeted soon!!! :)
Listening to Kristen Hersh
Not a big fan of church swag #banana shoes..
man u crazy for dat video keep up man first 50cent now dondria u da man
congrats love <3 now txt me back
Has your mechanic ever tried to sell you something you may not need, or used car tech lingo you don't understand?
RT Had a cup of coffee and read "Making Scholarly Publications Accessible" (cont…
A bunch from leaving on Tuesday to do 150 miles of the Camino de Santiago. My heroes!
Im on the moms side
seriously?! Do they keep stats for flopping?
RT : when you head out to the #colts game... please take a new or gently used coat to donate for
I just don't get it....
Yep. I'm done for the year. No throwing for me.
I will b accompanying G. Claiborne friday night in Los Angeles on piano @ El Camino college's Society of Music Concert.
pick me up in 20 outside the student center? My phone is out of battery
your welcome keep up the good work!!!!
Thank you for your patience!
Just once! But your project looks really extreme & cool also
That work out tonight tho was much needed
Got some great social media tips today from and Thanks for coming and giving some advice!
Great speed networking session at #insights12 #Epicor conference.
CNN wants and interview! I'm writing the info for the producer now. PRAY!
This faggot said his favorite team was Team USA cause he can't decide who he likes -__-
starting breaking bad from season 1 tonight.
#celticschat Are the Celtics gonna' make the playoffs? YES/NO tweet me :)
Its so dark!
Thank you for the mention!
Jätte bra, you little rascal, you! How did you know?
LOL!!! We def need to talk and catch up!!!!
DM me your number
WH notes in order to maintain openness of the #Internet some modicum of a uniform international regulatory scheme needed.
Oh nice! I made sure to archive my Geocities site so future researchers won't be without my insights into the X-Files.
I think thats an excellent idea! Many are repeat offenders, and the punishments are not nearly strict enough.
Walker talkin about 'millions of out of state special interest dollars.' Are people really gonna buy that line from the $25 million guy?
lol. That dudes a fucking psycho. It's not even funny anymore Chels. I'm scared.
seriously - we don't open till 530 please don't sneak in the back door and scare the crap out of me.
I can't log into my school email, after a stressful day of registration issues and confusion. Bad timing. Have I been kicked out of college?
I thought that Lamar Odom got a fair deal in Dallas. On the other hand, his non-Kardashian family problems didn't help.
oh well then I complement you on your choice and will power :)
With my mother hospital for her post surgery check up
Taking loads at a bookstore now.
Whitney Bezzant auditions for Live for Music
What you do after school is very important if you want a job in the future.
I don't wanna talk about it i'm sorry
really tough lately! Thanks for the encouragement! I really did need it! Thank you :-)
hello my TWEETS.. Drop me a line.. tell me hows..everyone doing.. have a great night... ciao ciao a presto...
Happy Easter everyone :) I have blue dye on my elbow and I think it might stay there forever ;P
I have no clue, I asked him and he's like don't be rude?
having an egg salad sandwich - do you like that? I put potato chips on mine LOL
Hm what should it be??? : You'll need a *safe word* u can both understand. ": How abt sex plz!
About to come out of hibernation.
It's extremely charitable of us to take on the entire Southern Hemisphere's fall/winter weather in one night.
some of y'all have a lot of free time on your hands!
yay you followed me! Thanks :D
TGIF! "Like" this status if you are happy that its Friday and you are ready to have a great weekend ;)
Looking for people for a short- term temp assignment. Please email or DM for details.
For the last week I've been thinking there is something wrong with my PHP script, come to find out today that it isn't me, it's the server.
Man need to turn this thang up.
Hoping big dinner will get her started, will keep you posted!
#MittRomneyFilms Lie Hard With A Vengeance
Tired of seeing parents giving their #IPads #IPods to infants & toddlers instead of interacting w/them.There ISN'T an app for that.
haha deleted the account a year ago. I hate facebook
your making me so hungry. Free? and I may have to come. When do u work this week
hey--have you seen anvil the story of anvil? Thoughts?
I love you all very much! I got my account back to me, which is awesome!
Yes, sir. Warren Zevon RIP. You are still missed.
": You can't mess with a Child of God."
feels good doesnt it?!
What's the female equivalent of a mustache? Something that could make each and every one of us look beyond creepy? Probably a mustache.
Congrats to !! What an awesome day for her getting a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame!!
you need to get better soon man, we need you on the field bro!
"A day without sex is a day wasted man!" Judging from his awkward pantomime, he has wasted his whole life.
Even when I know platform well, am always amazed at students discovering alternative/easier ways to do stuff!
not usually but I could..
Cotton Candy Brings back alot of my childhood memories&its so yummy:))
good question, it's hard to explain....just a feeling.
omg you are back on Twitter. You crazy bitch. Coming in for goat cheese crepe ASAP. Still on for Center Sunday????
We come to love not by finding a perfect person, but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly. ~ Sam Keen
Kids have awareness of global world but know less about the community around them.
He probably choked on his own bile.
haha, you silly.
STTTOOPP! MOST DEPRESSING THING I'VE EVER HEARD!
What was your favorite Tv show as a kid?<3
Just because I say I'm a dancer, DOES NOT mean I am a stripper.my Goodeness
Goodnight moon
Shoot. Shoulda checked twitter before I got here. How late are you working tonight?
cheap vodka crans should make for a fun evening ;)
Headbands with bows are here to stay they have transended fad and moved to be a staple.
Thanks, checking you out now.
lol he need to get up and you know why you didn't get me
Waiting on the world to change ..
You must be Windows 95 because you gots me so unstable.
I actually get to watch in Chicago today on
Visit www.allegrodancecompany.net and see our exciting new changes!
There should be a handful dBridge and Instru:mental releases on there. There's also a couple Nu:tone albums you might like
Lol are you gonna start charging?!?
chilling u??
That was such a tough lost...and on our HOMECOMING!!
#TeamTexans everyone but Shannon Sharpe picked beangals Shannon picked our boys
No, that's the truth RT : The Yankees are a good baseball team
I wanted to be a comedian everyone laughed I just gave up
Speaking for Cindy, our argument is not that players can't have pride, but they shouldn't just run off so quickly.
Hey stranger! It's been ages! Hope all is well in your world and that the words and the wine are aflowin'!
lol isn't that the reason why you dont
Email address sent to your email.
Classes are so boring...
I take 3 L's to the head love, live, life then I'm dead!
i did now follow back!
I've been absolutely terrified every moment of my life & I've never let it keep me from doing a single thing I wanted to do. ~Georgia...
The Park police are evicting the #occupyDC folk in McPherson Square! Sad scene on my way to church
Hm.. What should I cook?
Its hard to find a girl that has a Play station 3 and no kids.
AnyTime Ms. Lovely ;)
My favorite F Word: #Feminist (and damn proud of it!)
if it makes you feel better I'll be that...I'll stay QUIET about this cause it's making you QUITE upset LOL
tumblr goes down. sign on to twitter and complain about it
Watching kickoff to #F1GrandPrix season on #SPEED from Melbourne. Hamilton & Button look good but Vettel & Hamilton lurk. McLaren Merce ...
lol! hell is wrong with us?
Ghost Protocol in IMAX was incredible. Brad Bird and JJ Abrams just seem to get it. Josh Holloway! Absurd gadgets! Continuity! Cameos!
burnin out this fuse up here alone
Plus Kayne West AND Foster The People are playing at the #BDO2012. book us in.
M I love Jamaican food OMG
#printchat RT : Do pre-press operators ever tell off-color jokes?
Destiny is calling me to open up my eager eyes..
Pulling out the banjo for a service...look out!
Playoffs later today ! Can't sleep so excited.....
being perfect would be boring
Stop our Beachside Café at the Tradeshow opening tomorrow at the Convention Center #1110-4 for party wristband, coffee, freebies
thanks dude! Really glad you enjoyed the songs!
maybe...... Maybe not haha =D
You should really try to collect those clips from the projects you have worked on. If that's not possible keep working for clips
I would wish you luck but I'm saving all the good luck for myself lol.
what's changed?
LOL! LOve you.
I had 15 people against me and two on my side. You know how that feels.
Omg omg omg Im almost done with school! 9 days till graduation :)
Your toddler shall one day rule this land. //
I was planning on winning the lottery a few weeks back. Boom: Cadorin Arena
“: A drunk person's actions is just a sober person's thoughts.” Not always, otherwise all grenades would be virgins still.
hey, Bri. Thanks for following.
Hmm words are so fun. BHO Loves Twisting emotional phrases with crap but it is still crap
#cottonbowl Let's see if we can see some defense in a bowl game for chrissakes!
Yes we are in the same timezone! Happy Mother's Day mama!
Thanks buddy, you did a great job breaking down PPC today
Thanks for the RT!! :)
Whitney thank you for the gift that you gave to the world,thank you for inspiring such a beautiful and touching service.
my little sister moves into #ClarkU today! I hope her #weekone is as memorable as mine was 5 years ago ah!
Headed to next....such a euphoric day :)
Lots of concurrent processing. Why I'm having to use a large high speed FPGA and a processor.
business is not what it used to be - the well-being of social, cultural systems is critical to future of business success
At the Tigers game!
RT : Please, please I hope you are designing a special badge for the by on Oct 30, National Mall, DC!
my 11:11 wish hasn't come true yet... When is it supposed to start working?..
We're hiring #USC students for the summer (and 2012-13). Video editor, admin., comm. asst., researchers! DM or .
Refilled my South Cider growler at tonight. Always happy to see the place packed!
Thanks for making our entire office laugh.
Catholic Churches Distribute Letter Opposing Obama Healthcare Rule
Come on lakers
Wow, that unwatched pot just boiled pretty darn quickly.
wow that was messed up you better not tell him you know... poor dude
so, so, so pumped for grabbing some to enjoy en route to NYC later today!
I heard it through the grapevine... #SpeakingOfFebruary4th is going to be super groovy!
Holdengraber says that he does cognitive theater! And after any LIVE program, people should *read* afterward most of all.
I think I really like who I'm becoming
I'm being ironic, there is a big debate over raising height limits in dc and some people think raising them will destroy the city
I'm craving Easter candy. Wtf, Mary!
One of our Entrepreneurship 101 students, incarcerated at a MA state prison, has asked to DELAY her release date to finish the course!
I've been there, done it, fucked around, after all that this is what I found...nobody wants to be alone. If you're touched....shit.
Academia: An extended playground where socially inept adults try to convince themselves of their own intelligence and worth.
Happy Fat Tuesday! Let's use the day as an excuse to stuff our greedy little mouths with as many forbidden treats as we can. Donut, anyone?
Thanks. I wonder about DirectTV or Prism. And are there any other alternatives here?
hell yea! Lol
what what??
Thanks Nova.
looking for a link, code to the webinar on Thursday.
yes.. How is school in Iran??
It was totally weird! I kept wondering if he didn't realize what he was doing, but in hindsight, HE TOTALLY DID.
He wants the milk and pearl necklace for free.
what's wrong with my meggie!
We're not that scary, are we? ;) Pass it along, I'm sure someone will be interested!
I want a gf
The Union is holding a #MemorialUnion Design Meeting this coming Tuesday Nov. 1st at 6:00 pm to forge ahead with the #GlassBox PLEASE ATTEND
Business chimes in supporting expansion.
Haha..does that mean you rested up & drank lots of OJ?!
I like Jamie too! Seems very sweet!
Does anyone know any good fit classes in NYC that offer battling rope workout? I have an editor who is dying to try it! ?
Probably a pretty good idea, since the cuts would take place in January. Um, three months away.
Thanks for being on the blogging panel today at #SPJR9. It was great to have your perspective on the session.
Funny stuff tonight. Sunday Team 7PM show. Bueno.
6 After Seth lived 105 years, he fathered Enos;
"This ring is SPECTACULAR! Beautifully clear stone, quick shipping. A+" - Ann from Clearwater, Florida
Getting Ready For The Main Event. May This Year Be The Year! 2012 WSOP CHAMPIONSHIP like the sound of it...
What if they got married...
Oh, that's where you went, too? Thanks- we were excited about the feature :)
NFL Head,Neck&Spine Committee Dr who cleared Chris Owusu stated Chris "is not at increased risk for subsequent concussions"
Besides forgetting the words , he did a good job
dad if you wanna go get some strawberry cream cheese and bring change for a 20 and lrg ice coffee nilla c/s, THANKYOU dont be late
I'll start tomorrow
darn. Well I'd you can, maybe you should go at ten if you think that's ok!
I dont think its a bad thing at all! And dont be scared to ask that!
rest of the season and playoffs. easy.
I saw my nephew today for the first time in months that Lil guy made my day!
It's not all about waiting until the storm passes, it's about learning to dance in the midst of it ...
It's where the future $$ at and you can't beat the lifestyle. Surf, sand, and all the beautiful locations!
"Together we are weight. I am/mass multiplied by you:/gravity. We invent our own inertia"- from W=MG by #amreading her chapbook
When I see ppl with muscles I get motivated to workout for a good minute... Then I want a Mcflurry! :)
sometimes I like to walk by the sea ... it relaxes me ... ;)
#ThingsIReallyCantStand Haters!! Get another hobby please.
Father John Misty Magic Wands
If my head comes in contact with sunlight for even a split second, I start to feel a burnin sensation. #whosgotsunscreen?
So I am on the runway in Charlotte, unable to watch the UK game with a bunch of Louisville nerd students. Help!
Some lions mate over 50 times a day. #odd facts
Homework is a bitch I'm 100% gonna be up all night
THIS is why the bunt is fucking stupid
Cincinnati is a beautiful, complicated city with many tasty layers. I wouldn't wanna be anywhere else
Glad to see Blackberry is investing in some advertising... Only four years too late.
Gets accomplished, period.
thanks, will definitely miss you too :(
We will be open at 11 for Texas Oklahoma Saturday!
Imagine, Create, Manifest!!!!! The Time is Now
it's some ghetto lil girls living in my neighborhood. They was tryna fight over a nigga at 4 this morning.
I'll do it in like 20 :)
Lets roll
You can TELL the president's nervous. He KNOWS this could be big...
Thanks Jess! RT If you are interested in architecture and/or design, I highly recommend following Beautiful work.
It's "Thirsty Thursday"...We're showin love... --- $5 Goose (All Flavors) -----$5 Hennessy VS Until 11 PM...
Thanks for spreading the tree love!
Man, went to sleep during the 4th quarter and woke up to news that the got eliminated!
Been at the doctor for an hour now waiting on my mom. I'm ready to get in my bed.
and today I wanted too go
idk how I'm feeling actually lol! How you maam?
Hey man! hope you feel better
bartending come in for some great drinks and specials!
#9 "My eyes are taking a break."
Happy Birthday Dr King
We have more than one collection with dance cards. This one was blank- we hope it was an extra and not from a wallflower!
for once in your life...
And I will mock all of you & spit on all of you & flog you & kill u & in 3 days, you will lie. Joey 4:20 Happy Easter
I don't think so. I lost many brain cells there ;)
#butyougotdemjsdoe #htine Don't catch ammonia chile.
OR it could be Brad Pitt a la Burn After Reading. (Try not to kill him)
Didn't want to post it but it's too funny not too. Got back from the gym, sat in my chair, 2 wheels broke, then while fixing my pants ripped
Until next time buddy, I will miss you<3
that dude looks like he could make a diamond in that fist, what are you putting in the coffee there?
Just fell up my bedroom steps twice running to get mr softee & I miss em hahaha
#4famouswords What is your problem?
Gratitude ditto. :) May your Monday be better.
If you havent seen the post game conference for the Xavier vs. Cincinnati game, please watch
If I saw a chick leave her purse I would just assume she don't want that shit.
Election season is upon us, they are already running political ads on the internet.
MySpace was just mentioned on Viewpoints as social media that is currently in use...um ax MySpace and add Twitter to that conversation.
God's plans for us is always better than what we have planned,RT if you trust in God and would never disagree with what may happen to us...!
park forest IL it's n country club hills I won't kno the name of the place and what time it start until I get my tix next week
Mondays, Tuesdays, or Wednesdays *1st cut FREE - before 3pm. We'll do up to 2 free cuts per day. Call Raymond. expires 12/31/11.
My favorite Feruzza line ever was when he wrote that calling Granite City a brewery was like calling Subway a bakery.
In Kenmare, Ireland pub - guess what is on telly? Rugby.. No Hurling.. No. Golf in Arizona where I live
have you fake called the Easter bunny yet?
Honored to be among such great people!
i think you are so incredible you are always by my side through good and bad thankyou!
I am looking for additional partners and customers to meet with in Minnesota next week. Please le me know if you are interested.
we also got you guys on Reverbnation!
What a cloudy #Sabbath day. Still in all God is good!
follow before she commits!26
I am guessing its not a good thing that I am falling asleep on my couch, but I have boot camp in twenty minutes.:)
I should of gotten someone to get me chocolate strawberries, hahaha.
My pleasure. Someone very fortunate will receive that internship.
i definitely will!!!
Gladly (I just did). Keep up the good work.
Guess that's RHE ONLY way she know how to get money!
Woah this is the shortest my hair has been in awhile.... #damnit 😠
Err, what time Game 7 will be?
Great work, Josh!
Stepped outside to enjoy some of this glorious day!
Please follow me <3 ?
Thanks for the consistent updates!
I call Gatorade by the color instead of the flavor
doesnt matter it never gonna come out.
"Dear Justin, if you were my Boyfriend your Jerry would never be alone." Pregnant Because Of Jerry ;)
if I could have a job to where I could make everyone I knew happy, I'm pretty sure the world would be a great place (:
Passing through Kingsburg, CA where is from. Go vols!
Treat Yo Self day is a success so far. Dropped a hundo on clothes and camp gear. Haircut next!
k thx u can change it if u don't like it -MB
12 hours bruh. Midnight release FTW.
Thanks for the follow
To tell you the truth, prolly wouldn't think about that. I can tell you I have never worn one out on a shoot.
I hope everyone had a happy Mole Day! And wore their safety goggles!
getting a message that the server www3.isrl.illinois.edu/unsworth cant' be found
Katie why did you day suck?
RT : Spread the word -- our next #MKEfoodies event will be held at Rumpus Room. Details are forthcoming! Hope to see you there!
yeah! Meeting at knight foundtn booth now. Deciding food location.
#FollowAnyTime thanks for following! Huge fans of your work!
T-minus 12 minutes for prayer meeting. cant' wait to see God show up! God bless you! join in if you like my Skype name is Carlos.Bello507
What's a good phone number to reach you on???
Thanks for the advice, , , , & I had a great first day :)
Canadian mixed with a little Caribbean right?
how soon is now?
One if the best center fielders of all time is now in right field for the Angels. you're still the man!
I HOPE U NOTICE ME I BEEN WISHING THIS DAY 2 COME TRUE 4 3 YEARS!plz follow me
Jets Defense lookin real nice...quick moves and gang tackles like my BROs old Maryvale team.....Lookin Good Lookin Mean...
I think Hu Jintao just rolled up across the street from my apartment. There's fanfare, flag waving and protesting a plenty. Sirens, too.
Rocking a #punk #Audrey Hepburn look today
I agree. And I love his pinkie rings! Hi Big Boy!
End of Day 4 in the Sony Service Watch and still no call to schedule a service call. We'll see what day % in-store tomorrow. Just Terrible
Deal....no question, great trade
it is not a real siren unless it is a #Drudge SIREN
A.C.E? Real hipsters use CE.
I would actually like to meet a heat fan, someone who isn't from miami tho. I don't think they exist
Charlotte: Wheres a good place to watch the fight tonight?
for real?
Yes !!!!! I LOVE IT. YOU LOOK FUCKING FLAWLESS!!!!
That sound you hear? It's the institution of marriage banging its head against the wall asking for mercy.
Let's do it!!! Idk if hookah will be open tonight though but we will see!
In a network, you avoid duplicating your efforts to focus on what you’re good at.
why?? You co-own this account haha
Adoption of SharePoint is slow. need to show the benefits and get buy in.
You mess with me and mess with her I'll make sure you get what you deserve
Why do I feel like everyone knows what's best for me except me?
yes just checked mine to make sure it recorded!
*MY* ACLs are fine. Our dog Max however, has a torn one. Ugh.
Thanks for the follow. Cool website. great services.
please follow our co-founder !
hi slut
great meeting you at the event. Keep in touch, lots of ways to collaborate.
lmfao boi its a drink i make
Noke bound with !
is there a better kind?
Do NOT miss Uncle Vanya at ! Very moving production/cast!
Delta Air Lines named "Top Tech-Friendly U.S. Airline" by PCWorld for airport recharging stations, in-flight Wi-Fi and smartphone apps.
Bamboos grow +3 ft a day and can reach the full height in a few days. That's an enviously short puberty period!
Hey buddy, are you down for shuffle board, at the super bowl party?! if you need a partner, we'll figure that out there!
What is there to do in #DC? Going there tomorrow for the first time in ten years
That's because we are too ill for you Minnesotans!
no, did u?? What happened?
That awkward run you do when a car lets you cross the street.”
Food for Thought Thursday! Eat oranges and stay young! Oranges are high in antioxidants, which neutralize the effects of free radicals,...
Gas is now $3.84 per gal. for me. #Obama #DrillHereDrillNow Was this the #Change I was promised? Can I change it back? 4 years will do.
You'd need wifi or internet. Don't judge me :-)
justin b birthday is coming
bar stays green!
Thank you Kevin for the great tweet! Have a beautiful day!
Come on k rod. And to kotsay of all people.
Dually RT : Noted. RT : Farting isn't weird. Injecting yourself with bull semen: that's weird.
Home Depot.
u might not love me but i still luv u and i will support u in any thing a 100% :(
my bladder is goin to explode!
Please follow me :) please please please
Really did a great job in Bmore MD at Ramshead. I need Info for your cd, your leggins, & your shoes! :)
#HEADDESK. Can you define socialism for me??
why was LeChoke standing in the corner as usual? Where was the #MVP?
Thanks man. Got the link to your stuff in there now too!
Dr. Freeze: Treating rare diseases requires interactions of scientists, doctors, patients, government, philanthropists &more
we'll be sure to tell her!
Let me know when things settle down so Cooper can meet Uncle Bav
Here we go! #Damagedgoods starts today!!
hi say Happy Mothers Day to your mom from me...(in Mexico is today):-)
Locker room scenes galore. Enjoy!
Twitter has truly changed the world....
Finally starting #DowntonAbbey. There's no way it can live up to the hype. Then again, that's what I said about
The resurrection of JC Penny is upon us. All hail Ron Johnson!
cool! Ill be here from 12-2p, come see me before u go to ur picnic;)
Hello everyone ! Today is birthday and remember birthday is the 2 so keep that in mind !! Merry Thursday !
wait what? O.O who?
wow that's cool going to the draft !!!
RT: This Thursday of will be our guest on #mediachat. The fun starts Thurs. night at 10pm EST. See ya there!
I live next to an amazing golf course! It's great for anything except golf.
you are the best psychologist!!! Listening to you guys this morning... Miss you
A girl who believes in fairy tales...
A bad day fishin beats a good day workin
you like them too?:))
I wish I could, but I have class tonight
You are very welcome.
There's no greater bliss in life than when the plumber eventually comes 2 unblock ur drains. No writer can give that sort of pleasure
Cake for breakfast, lunch and snack..taking treat yourself to a whole new level. Thanks so much
“: writes YA books. Start with "Uglies." I read tons of YA cuz so many good authors!!
I ask ours every morning if he had good puppy dreams. Good stuff. RT : There's puppy dreams going on on my couch.
RT Doubt, of whatever kind, can be ended by action alone. Thomas Carlyle 1795-1881, Philosopher and Author
Took a shot and chased with pickle juice
I CANNOT believe it---time truly flies.
S/o to for joining the pata sucia club (;
if you order from Amazon often, yes.
The people who can ignore the current economic situation and want to have a stock price run-up are in fat city today.
Thx! Second clip soon!
"A man never shows his own character so plainly as by his manner of portraying another's."
Providence improv fest! Who else is going?
“: Ever look at your best friend and wonder why the hell you aren't comedians?”
Needs someone to play in my hair till I doze off.
Fair enough...!
Love it! -> RT : A smile is the lightening system of the face, the cooling system of the head & the heating system of the heart
Observing w/unsurprised bemusement as another higher ed institution and its depts gate-keep and turf-protect themselves into irrelevance.
Accidentally sent an email to someone I hate. Recall, recall. This morning is not going well. Ug.
I don't understand why people skip class. You're just going to have to mkae it up later.
Time to start booking some shows on this Monday morning!
whats good? i got something for you! dm me your email!
Seeing "God of Carnage"
Join Co- Author of "Success On God's Terms" in Atlanta this week "#Take Back Your Life Tour" do not miss this life changing event!
When someone has a nickname, calling them by their real name doesn't sound right.
And there you have it. NYR in 7. I actually called one right. Go me!
hey wadown girl havent seen u since since myspace died lol you got a facebook how you been ;-)
12/3 706 S. 5th MKE - We will be creating tech to make planning for bike infrastructure better. Share lunch & wisdom with us 12:30P
Honored. Thanks! Or thanks again ( #sleepless memory loss)!
some shit aint gone never change....
hosting the ladies free all night special with free drinks tonight ladies get here only after hour spo on a friday night
Jus set in that i cant jus go to florida when ever i wanna now.....
can't wait for
45% of small companies on Facebook & Twitter (more than have a company website)
nothing wrong with that and lord knows there's enough of them down southside lol
Special Valentines Menu avail today thru Mon. We are open this Sunday 11:00-3:00, Come early for best selection or call ahead.
“: why arent i in a band?” Same
yeah that was a def work out lol at least someone got some sleep for us :)) I'm so glad you came :))
RIP #Junior Seau. The only linebacker to have his own Kellogg's cereal poster, trapper keeper folder, and SNES video game...
SATURDAY Small Tempest, The Light Clear Conscience, Thin of the Meadow, Hills Like Hemingway $14
Feels good to be back.
Cool! This year I started with 5 different cups (pennies, nickels, dimes, quarters, singles) but now coins are all together.
Going on now: Wellesley Symposium on Liberal Arts Learning in the Digital Age: Interdisciplinary Science. Follow along at
When you come from a life of not having to having too quickly that's where the problem comes into play.
damn right i gets the paper or bread or cash w/e ppl say now a days
Making the every day location feel precious, dreamy, stunning, quiet and extraordinary is Mike Pedersen's photography: mikiep.com
Truth-> : Which? Everything is great b/c they win w/o Derrick? Or this means nothing b/c Derrick isn't playing?
#MerryChristmas and a
that makes 2 of us
the lake is almost back to 70F but with that comes the algae growth.
": Why is Lebron's hairline so far back on his head?"his dam head bands in the way lol
Doc appt for 145, still waiting. Makes sense
looks good...don't know when I'm leaving on sat, but will attend if I can...
Honestly that shit ruined my day and then was on my mind the rest of it. way to ruin a chill bro day
hacked indeed! Thanks for the heads-up!
For those following the World Series, what was your reaction to Canada beating USA for the PanAmerican Championship? Were you even aware?
"I don't wanna be the best QB in the NFL. I wanna be one of the best MEN to play for the NFL." MARRY ME RIGHT NOW AARON RODGERS 😍😘💏💑💋💍
If doesn't fire Spaz Flynn Fund donors are going to flee by the masses.
Woke up an hour ago, laid in bed thinking about work.... My alarm is going off in 10 min. I may as well start my day.
its not too bad, i am sure NC is full of cigar treasures. :)
New Twitter chat on PR Mobile starts this Thursday, 5 pm PST - #prmobile with and
OMG are you tweeting now??
not looking so good though. Have them going all the way
Just letting you all know, I'm always willing to talk and make friends :D I dont bite. haha.
Weird dreams>>>
#dml2012 Learning about muppet themed scavenger hunt designed to orient college students to N. Carolina St U (Raleigh) library. Cool stuff!
me to RT I want a septum piercing.. A small one
Dont get mad at me...
hahaha he aint cute at all.
RT : Long but fun day. Feeling' tired and sticky. Shower and bed for this chica. #g2b12 <--- me too! Early morning tomorrow…
Friends of the Library Used Book Sale @ Takoma Park DC Library! Sat. May 5 from 10-4 on the lawn. 416 Cedar St NW
sounds like we need a debate whenever/wherever Sherri wants.
One of C. Simmons favorite topics.
nice tan em
Put me in coach I'm ready to play! Get into the Game of Life!
CLU-IN | In the News &gt; Federal Business Opportunities (FedBizOpps)
Who is Prankster that can teach me thier ways? ;)
Playing DALLAS today @ 5pm w/ Motion City Soundtrack, The Early November, Hellogoodbye & more!
Describing an iPod to a 4-year-old as being "like a Walkman" is not helpful to them.
yeah. Like there are so many more important things the lgbtq community has to worry about but this sucks.
kk yes! Hopefully it's snow free!
RT : Volunteering at Nashville's Project Homeless Connect all day today :-)
it's so sad how much people change..
not sure I can do justice to this at all, let alone in tweet form..
Great looking guy! ;)
Smell that? It's genius brewing...
Finishing our volunteer recognition list for tonight's program. SO thankful for all our volunteers!
:/ have a good day.
Bad season premier of Glee...
Now I'm having a real hard time finding anything good on TV. First world problems.
Sorry, Jorge. I LOVE when Duke loses! I hate corporate colleges. Long live the one percent!
exactly and im jus doing me and focusing on my shyt and like u said wateva happens happens aha
Y'all know I'm on board that plan.
thanx for the follow
Can you please help me? My birthday is on the 20th and I really want to wish me a happy birthday since his EP comes out!
I can't reply to your DM's if you aren't following me! But, to answer your questions: Sure...what's up?
I <3 U and so do my kids. they are special needs children and cant talk much but they always say MJ! God bless
as long as I've got her, nothing'll get me down
and I live in a tree with a bunch of elves!
That awkward moment when nobody likes your facebook status.... :/
Hey What's new in world ? I like the university 'ceo' strategy.
Ever watch #glee? That's kind of like my work social life.
50/50 was overall disappointing. Levitt was pretty good, but just not a good film imo. Drawn out, inconsistent writing, bad directing
- I heard that new Pho Barclay movie is pretty epic..
Niggas take me as a joke ; Ill cut you like its funny :*
At the mayoral candidate forum - New Shiloh
I bet you do (;
1 more week of school
Why is NY always destroyed in movies?! 🗽✈❤
Rockn it here at the loft with wonfu from Taewon
Goldfish s'mores are delicious.
From the Chuck E. Cheese show: What music do balloons hate? Pop music!
That's ludicrous. Kobe can't given his teammates heart. That's on them. He's playing with the flu.
": ": s/o to nf" Following back!"awready
Please come over soon <3
Chris Kaman is the best redneck i have ever watched play this game, he is pretty damn good! any team could use him.
Aren't you tired of society ?! Lol
with the chocolate....OHMYSWEETCHOCOLATELORD. im hungry.
Mad tired and bored probably hitting the bed early to night
Just 10 days left to see Middleman's City Limits & Regaining Our Faculties. Stop by before they close!
Vest: We need to simultaneously compete & cooperate globally; should be driven by sharing
Ladies and Gents! We have received tons of submissions for the allCanes model search! Thank you so much for participating! We will be...
Last day in Switzerland- 50/rain- looking forward to the Nyc sun!!!
Me fail English? That's unpossible. - Ralph (The Simpsons)
RT those prices are extra crazy for
not much watching that star wars 3D tonight and going into the office tomorrow. Is that exhibit open on the weekends?
The day follows me is the day I learn how to do a backflip...
Im Rite Here Sis
there was a bad wreck at the entrance to campus...and therefore we lost all power!
Wouldn't having the leash make it so that it couldn't run off...? #youmakenosense ;)
The Heat seem so much bigger than all the rest.
Head injury?
Emailed you! =)
Out to eat with my King!!!❤
I can just go to a pet store and walk by the gold fish a bunch. maybe.
"dude i think your babe just barked."
tumblr, you just made stupid hoe blast through my house and not turn off. brb my ears are bleeding.
amen to that!
Returned from Sacramento and a meeting with the CDRC. Great progress and additional support for
Just finished watching the PBS program- "The Buddha." His last words to the disciples who followed him- "Strive on- tirelessly."
I'm really excited for the future music I put out...
They should re-name the History channel , the Hitler channel! They have more shit on there about hitler than a little bit..
I don't want to see that kid too.
awesome! I would name mine Rocky!
I can hear the excuse already. "oh, um I couldn't watch firefly b/c I had this UX Meetup thing to go to." :) haha
I'm glad you're homee❤
It's never too late to become what you might have been. -George Elliot
You are a cinema. I could watch you forever.
Can't wait to see you, neighbor!
Clean woulda stabbed myself in the eye with one them flags they wavin...
Who Tf Cakes With NOthing To Talk about
3rd generation military family, so they're in favor. Dad's an NCO, so I'm sure he doesn't want son on the "other side"
Thank you East Coast peeps for ruining The Voice for us.
#OccupyBurque Facebook says UNM granted a permit to stay on campus 24/7--if they move by Monday to Yale Park to spare Tight Grove.
We own the Giants
yes, apparently when men watch their calorie intake they still need a few calories for it not to count as a girlie diet drink
Embree had all the seniors at the press conference....hard to get good answers to questions...the frat house mentality kicks in
Many thanks for all the work on Scrubs. One of very few shows that has affected me on a personal level. Can't thank you enough!
If you find it in your heart to care for somebody else, you will have succeeded. ~Maya Angelou
Having tea with Sue the Tyrannosaur on a grey Chicago afternoon.
They haven't had a good crazy gimmick in a while. Always reminds me of the "attitude era" which was full of off the wall gimmicks.
“: My inner Sherlock Holmes is coming out.” everyday babygirl (:
u did it peace i am worried
Right on! RT : We are all apprentices in a craft where no one ever becomes a master. Ernest Hemingway
Quite appreciative of checking the new site and applauding it :) Thanks.
really enjoyed playing upstairs on Saturday. hope to see you soon
when people you dislike appear on your TL<<<<
I wish Sweden had a Half.com
RT : Follow sports editor for live tweets from day two of the CAA Men's Basketball Tournament in Richmond, Va.
it'll ply let my rt once
RT MT sharon cornu, 's deputy mayor, has resigned. #oo in statement, mayor says: "I’m grateful for her contributions."
When I win the lottery Indra!
Thanks for the great company Thanksgiving lunch! I'm thankful for the opportunity to work with such nice peeps.
The CASHER will be releasing 5 LOCKS to win tonight at 4:30 pm.. Stay tuned
my life who was cursed after he was rude to you m :/
There are no freely usable Matt images on Commons or Flickr Commons. So will need one from Matt to fix.
well i would give up my foot i need the internet
just ona those days tootse...just one of those days. ;) miss ya
Traditional Pennsylvania potato candy sold like crazy, so we made more. Looks like little spuds, but made of coconut cream. Ya gotta see.
touche but I believe u can keep commandment if you tweet to different # or highlight aspect to followers
Oh darn, that sucks! I just don't know if I can make it there since I'm going 2 LA & Boston is right after Dragon Con in ATL!
Brzezinski: We should not demonize China, not inject ourselves in East problms but advise, mediate, manipulate like UK in 20th Cent
Never underestimate appropriate perspective.
Indian-spiced pork in Martin Premoli's honor! Japan next.
You're young until you're not, you love until you don't,you try until you can't.
Know your enemy. ;)
Wish I was there. The work of which dreams are made ;)
i love you too
“: Man BIG UPZ to the radio stations playing my songs, the Program Directors thanks!" Now plz tell ur psycho fans to leave us alone
..and Roger Boisjoly, a NASA contractor who repeatedly voiced concerns about space shuttle Challenger before it exploded,died. He was 73.
Got a choir concert tomorrow, can't wait!
OMIGOSH! My heart hasn't raced this much since I got my first boner in class
I wish I was more ambitious 😓
GOP coalescing?
tinychatting with my sixth grade friends
Huge turnover.
John Legend "Tonight" >>>>> <3 This Song
aw yea ?.......what u been workin on
need to make a move before the trade deadline today!!! Get ur ass up Jim Buss!
Grrrr. A friend has extra tickets to beer under glass and, of course, I have to work.
Last episode of lost.... Not going to know what to do with myself
Great day training a new group of future camp counselors for #SummerCamp 2012. We can't wait for this upcoming summer.
alright - who goes home?
Interesting Supreme Court debate on health care -- it sounds like sanity is prevailing so far (ie in favor of ObamaCare)
'Abdu'l-Bahá’s train is in Ohio, heading for Toledo. Only 3.5 hours left until Cleveland.
That and cat herding really are my strong suits.
before, we hope! ;-)
hey!!!!haw r u ? i'm good. can you follow me ? u r my idol forever jasminator i love u jasmine follow me please thk :)
RT : Good luck to my lovely girlfriend for her exam today!!
Good! I'll hit you up soon
Student says WiFi in Copley was a "#gamechanger". See more reactions on our blog
the scripts new song nothing is the shit. and thats all i have to say.
A new year kiss from ? How did this girl get so lucky??!
jelly beans (:
thanks brother let the music ROCK...........
Dance practice after school :-/ dnt want to
Hey folks. Just reminding you to check out our single I.D.entity when you get the chance :) facebook.com/AMFADband
I'm annoyed. You're annoying.
Tip of the day: if you dont want to be where you are then maube you should start traveling
Headed to work on some home improvements in Takoma DC with :) #St.Columba's
Starting a monthly Colorado Circus World E-Newsletter. Email to subscribe or submit pics, events, stories, ect.
In the words of "Florida is a big place for a little guy." Referring to
if you #standwithwalker you stand for the deepest education cuts in our state's history and the worst in the nation last year
Show me a man who is a good loser and I'll show you a man who is playing golf with his boss.-- Jim Murray
The Children's Story by James Clavell
dunno. They were watering with a long hose, so maybe not. Definitely watering by hand earlier
I finally gave away my second #desk. Now, if only a #sewing table would fall out of the sky and info my apartment.
We're offering Velashape for those interested in looking slimmer minus the surgery. Call us to find out more.
"i had to mute my phone from lullz" being a 20 something on client calls at a media agency is really, really hard. Thanks, internet.
Bobby Valentine kinda looks like that wicked tanned lady who go arrested for bringing her kid to the tanning salon.
Sony... Nice.
Good for you! More than I've ever run.
WHEN YOU PRAY AND HEAR GODS VOICE YOU KNOW ITS REAL THANKS GOD
You're a sweetheart [:
My mom just told me to become a prostitute so I can have more money.
you r not giving people ur number!
shit let me have the ones my age ....
Great to see you involved Mike. Proud of you.
RT : on 6:40 am to chat about thousands of riders gearing up in support of Lung Association
Hahaha too funny.
Great, we need all the help we can get!
Talked to my grandma. She's worried about me getting hurt in NYC, the big city. I responded with, "Grandma. You live in Jerusalem."
You can do anything or nothing with a best friend and have the best time of your life!
Lucky David, mine has been shopping for three days said she'll be back when combines over.
"My genius is no more than a girl...if she agrees to play with me with her shirt off we will construct an Ilyiad." Ezra Pound, obviously.
Thanks for your support and mention~ we appreciate your sponsorship of !!
Really? Are you busy on Wed. night?
hey, FUCK YOU feelings!.
i hate that i live so far now :l
~arrives red-faced & panting~ Whew! Good workout. So, does that make up for 10 days of slacking? How about the ice cream? Cookies? #iwish!
Really Trump? You, Palin and the rest of the Birthers need to slapped Moonstruck style!!! Snap out of it!
Looking for link that works. Do you know which shelter or name of town? May be able to help.
However, thinking is taking over my storage capacity for this information.
On my way to the
God gave us power and dominion over everything on Earth, so that means we shouldnt live defeated lives.
#ExpertVisibilityTip: Repurpose your content. Turn a blog post into a video, an audio, etc. It's okay & it reaches different audiences.
tonight w crooked . Gonna be intense as always
How can you be when there can be only one?
Very impressive! Amnesty International is a great human rights organization!
omfg, and she makes it even more awkward than it already is.
because of everything for everyone, i feel like such a bad person.
No! I've liked the Rangers as a back-up team since the 90s when the 'Guins were effectively their farm team lol.
I'm on International Block x).
OMG CREEPY!
BTW, Chicago has now started (again) posting pictures of people arrested for solicitation and patronizing. know why?
Married to a brilliant wonderful man!!
im going to sleep now so hmu at 7:30
Also, had a good convo with Evo Institute 's Jerry Lieberman RE: community organization the right way (i.e., where it does good not harm!)
No, But I Love You Too, More Than You Will Ever Know(: <3 So You Should Follow Me My Amazing Swag Daddy(; Please?(: <3
"He cleared that very low bar for best Romney speech". Why I love
Regulating cultures through food policing - The Hindu
RT : "All I want to do is make the next film." Engaging with the audience is essential for that.
Every time I study literary criticism for too long, I have an existential crisis. My brain begins screaming "Less theory, more practice!"
All-Day Paintball Package for One or Two People at Paintball ...
o yeah, it'd be hilarious! I mean, for me anyways. Wow what a situation! I just might try it...lol
On another one sweep past all them haters like OKC
AUTO RACING: NASCAR event headlines BIR&#39;s 2012 schedule
well said
that's all I am saying. If he's guilty make him pay, but wait for the entire story...
hahahaha RT : Shocking!.. This just in... is skeptical of the PBJ-Latte :)
I don't like the Knicks bt shit lets go Melo do the damn thang
cool. I would prob do this with 6th graders but I think the age diff might be ideal - nice contrast
Welcome to EnchantingViews.com on twitter!
ok. ok. this is gonna be perfect.
#20ThingsAboutMe 16. I don't think before I speak.
Just got asked out on a date by my husband and got super giddy. Feelin like I'm 16 again :)))
pretty! :) Mine is Barbara(:
I have nothing more to give you than my heart. Spanish saying Hearts are not to be had as a gift
ok, you're in! Thank you for playing! :)
Today's Brain Floss: Dogs have 42 teeth while cats have 30 teeth. How many should you have? Reply with your guess! :)
To advocate for the 1%ers, Repubs have to choose between FlipFlop Mitt, FannyMae Newt, HandsOn Herman, & ... oh damn, I forgot.
Italian officials call off underwater search for missing in cruise liner grounding -
I should work on my swing. I heard catcher is the fastest path to the bigs. I've got 9 years left!
what's up ?
The new Broadway cast of EVITA, starring , , and , will record a cast album. Look for the CD in June!
Hi Joe, random question. Did you DM me? I got one from you but believe it to be Twitter spam. Thanks for your help.
": When girls say, "I wish I could find a guy just like you"....Are you fucking kidding me? I am a guy..Just like me. -_-"
Yes, read the books first! It will only make you more excited
Tomorrow's mantra: "Faster, more complex & CRAZIER"
Not only is quiet weather prevailing.. SO ARE THE RED SOX!!!!!
#FromThisDayForward= hon-nin myo in Buddhism. To decide to make a fresh start for the future NOW, not dwelling on the pain of your past.
love you to!! <3
I leave unattended for one day and now I have an iPhone app for the TV and no remotes.
How many sites?
It's not original with me. Our mutual friend Moe Egan was the first I noticed using the term, Doug.
luckily I've never been a huge fan of beer anyway. I'm a margarita & wine type gal.
haha when you "expand" his tweet there are other peoples tweets there
lol I'm trying to!!!!
My Twitter feed is full of scary tornadoes. Stay safe Iowa and Kansas.
"We can either settle for a country where a shrinking number of people do really well while a growing number of Americans barely get by."
Interesting week. Looking for a new job.. Sigh
AWESOME! Lucky guy. Happy Birthday to your Dad!
"Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter." -MLK Jr.
The one...the only...Ron Pro-Kooooopez!
#ndpl 'access will always be free to the end user'
“: I'd rather listen to you take a violent dump than hear you talk about your favorite sports team.” you too ?
Noah >>> . I'm straight up watching this game like it's live & avoided spoilers
There&#39;s A Lot Riding on These Wheels: Can Three Cars Aid the Auto Revival?
I should probably go to bed soon. *3 hours later* i should probably go to bed soon. *1 hour later* Crrraaappppp.
i submitted my entry but it redirects to same page, how can i check if it went through?
My heat look good tho.
Big thanks to for supporting my study trip to St. Paul. Wrapping up my second to last day in St. Paul.
you know right :)
The goal was Di Croce's first of the year and Uribe's first assist of the season.
Guess who I found....
I hope everyone was able to pick up their #Philadelphia Daily News in this #snowstorm. The hunt starts at 12:30 p.m.
Andy Gipson...Im def mot team Obama but this guy is whacked!
Great times down here at Sol!! Can't wait for you to join us for a class or two!
Being There
yes, Josh Hamilton.
not sure if im scottsdale material yet but my neighborhood is great, actually close to a body of water
“: Kendrick Perkins going to the locker room to.take a Shit.” Funny
We talked about old times and it made me smile because you didnt forget :)
I was talking about the resturant
aww man in in Orlando! I'm coming to Dallas soon
It's FRIDAY! I'm so ready for the weekend!
Maybe set up an account for him and helped him send his first tweet?
Last full week of school 4 #SENIORS ! So stoked .
At least they didnt say that the "Fat Toad" croaked!
Turning off my phone and getting ready for take off. The flight attendent just saw me twittering lol. On my way home
thank you for spreading the word!
4 am to VU for two weeks
That, sir, is a good idea. Got any connections?
In Chicago ready for my first
Your phone literally vibrated for 15 minutes straight
#nomx3 :) RT : Sorry everyone, I may have to eat all the ribs tonight. They're yummy.
Great Choice Good vs. Evil .
Counting down the hours until my trip to AZ tomorrow!!!!! I've been missin that PHX heat!!
WVRST? RT : Bison sausage & duck fat fries were so tasty in my tummy tonight *rubs belly in manner of Tracy Jordan*
Me and Jordan Benker
I don't blame you for being you, but you can't blame me for hating it.
Follow Me For A ShoutOut
you packed and ready?
Seems like it is being streamed
“: WHOS READY FOR THIS WEEK'S COVER?!?! :)” Spongebob voice: I'm ready,I'm ready
Just what color is the sky in your little world?
Contrary to popular belief, hitting refresh obsessively doesn't make things happen any faster
that's a really good idea though.lol. three more freaking days!!!!!!
If you include musicals that *started* as films, the '39 film The Wizard of Oz turned me on to them (& Judy) when I was 5.
Happy Easter spikeymikey!!!!!!
Too early for these lovey dovey tweets. I wanna see some G ones.
So tired, but can't sleep. How stupid.
Thanks Fellas! We will definitely be representing the SJ music scene!
Now i understand how the strong friendship between Houdini & Conan Dolyle made a turn into public Fued that got personal
Well, of everyone below average, I'm definitely in the top half
I cried when my mom let my SISTER go to LONDON and not ME
Come on ravens!!
Today in Invention History: Don Ku patents wheeled suitcase with collapsible towing handle, 1994. Thank him as you head on #springbreak!
yea I actually coached an Msa team with no talent whatsoever and took em to the finals man.
Dear john :)
Le first.
Good morning! It's Wonderful Wednesday! Follow me
I miss you and will talk soon I need to come see u
Theres new lightning bgs! I did not know that.... x)
Unfortunately true-- RT : There have been more tweets about 1 Joe MVP vote than Atl not getting the right call.
brewers stink
Hurricanes really require a snuggle buddy.
have a great trip!
That's the best kind of reading!
This should be interesting....
Rant ... People who talk on their cell phones for long calls at the poker table SUCK and should lose every hand just for being so damn a ...
Literally the most ignorant thing ive ever heard. "if you've gotta D you shouldnt be aloud to graduate."
I think I drank a little too much during that Sunday Funday.
hey sexy lol
ill text you!
be careful, that's how kidnappers start off with, small talk
lol mine is an ehhh as well
happy to help!
let's link up dm your number!
David isn't on my twitter
I got a pair of RF Grandstand tix, ran $560/ticket. They have cheaper tix, but I thought HR Alley would be nice this year.
these words mean a ton. I do so want to love Him more and more. xxoo
Its not flying, its falling with style.
"how much for this bracelet?" "0 dollars. Actually..a hug."
I expected Illustrator to be Photoshop w/ vectors - but instead it's some kind of architectural blueprint rendering software
Exclusive on NBC 7 at 11pm.. Video captures local skydiver's crash that nearly left him paralyzed, his warning to other thrill seekers.
CONGRATULATIONS to for being the winner of today's book giveaway! DM us your mailing address :)
En route to - super excited to meet faculty, students, and staff!
i know whatchha mean /:
no, thank you for everything! :) its the best mothers day gift I every got mom thanks to you :)
Morgan , Girl We #GonnaGoCrazzzy 👌
can we get married or?
S/O to all of our
im so sorry I just have to say this your surper freaken HOT ;]
HAPPY HAPPY BIRTHDAY to the little cheetah that made me remember what it's like to be utterly smitten in love with what you do. Love u Kasi!
My mentions are not showing up and I am really pissed about it :\
great article. In the US, we are cutting education and increasing its price. How we will ever catch up with them?
sweet!!!!! Is it cold there
they do need alot of prayer. Everything won't be fixed but at least something will move in their hearts and minds. :)
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: It is possible, when all else has failed, for a parent to hand a problem child to the government for care.
found you through Vulture, thank you for the wonderful dolls, made me smile.
Never understood why "you" drafted Boller and Ozzie drafted every other great Raven first-rounder.
Milwaukee County Board of Supervisors on Monday selected Supervisors Marina Dimitrijevic as Chairwoman & Peggy Romo West as 1st Vice-Chair.
look anerexic & like they starve themselves & look like they don't eat unless they have fast metabolism
Spring is Here, Air-conditioning & Refrigeration System Tune ups now available 617-792-3350 Boston
King Taco, Cal Pizza Kitchen, Paddock Area, Expo, Fan Zone Pileup
I wanted that kiss for a long time!! <3
WTF... Vidal Sassoon passed away today... #respect to a pioneer in the hair world
Did you drive past the giant butt watertank in Gaffney?
not bad for going 70 mph along hwy 18!
Does any1 else find that the typical seasonal cold becomes a week-long ordeal in bed with #benlysta?
thanks, did you run too?
It’s not too late to commit to your New Year’s Resolutions, see the apps that will help you lose those extra pounds
#askObama Wants Nasa to stretch its mission. For low orbit cede to private sector
Loved your new letter! The Lord truly speaks through your words!
finally giving into the fact I have absolutely nothing else to do and watching Captain America tonight after watching Thor last night
I totally loved Frisco Jones!
RT : Crowd source suggestions: Event venues in Chicago that are cost-friendly (for an NPO fundraiser) and can hold around 250?
Hope all is well! When are we going to get you down here?! Still waiting. =)
DON'T DO THAT SALT AND ICE! YOU COULD SERIOUSLY BURN YOU HAND! Please don't do it buck.
I want Big Sean and Wiz to come to DC
Just got to commerce casino, about to play some 60-120
Truth! ": If you can afford fast food you can afford a vegan diet. Extra bonus: you'll be with your families 15 years longer."
jeez...everyone look up here! Tonight show is going to be amazing!
Just got home.
Go Bold or Just Fold :
Should of tripped Andre Miller RT : Coulda tripped a ball player
She got da body of a godess! (Chiefin vibin to some tunes)
i roll on doobie brother albums
I know right! to me its like a curse or something like what is going on...smh
that's it, i'm changing my profile icon to stacey's.
I really do think you should do a #AUSTREAM this week!!
Ever the broken one. Eyes to the sky, heart in my hands. Searching, not finding. Marching ever on.
We will be mixing our record this weekend, hope to get you all a song by Christmas time!
same here :/ until Thursday
Las Ideas Son El Arma Esencial En La Lucha De La Humanidad (Ideas Are The Essential Weapon in Humanity’s Struggle)
them war wounded chicks go jump every new chick who enter the club lol ...
I do.. With so much cap room, why don't the #Avs buy a decent Goalie/ Defense? Holding out for new CBA?
Always... Dreaming!
Looking to collab get at me... need mixtape tracks, fuck with me on that too!! RT
HTC beats Nokia in the camera game with the Titan II (review &amp; gallery) - ZDNet (blog)
IM SO EXCITED!!
Tim Duncan, Tony Parker and Manu Ginobili begin the fourth quarter on the bench. They're probably all done for the night.
that's what I don't know since they didn't say anything I don't know if I get the car or not
I said i wasnt ever gone let gim in my truck but fuk it i need some kinda company everybody done left this bitch
It's just Paul Ryan's hope for the future. Don't worry, he daydreams a lot.
Get down to #Belvederes tonight. We're part of a kick ass lineup, headlined by #DeadPrez Gonna be THE party of the holiday weekend in
why is finding a cheap 10 degree shaft so complicated
This is by FAR the worst day at work! :(
Love the writing challenge!
this weekend I had a HOA marathon to get me ready for season 2 on Monday, will joy be in this season more?
thanks girl! Have a great weekend!
remember the cake from my last tweet??
oh fun:p
RIP RYAN DUNN u will be missed!!
So I like how its freezing like 3 weeks after it was 80 degrees wtf?
Working at Wix Lounge with Pando interns, post Chipotle burritos. Thinking about the possibility of corporate sponsorships!
Cleaning out my book bag/folders/shelving my textbooks at the end of the semester is always a strange (but nice) experience.
lol u shud see the boys in my class they're handwritin sux!
This weekend is a reminder of Christ's death and resurrection. Lets celebrate and give thanks to Him!! (like we should everyday)
nope he's just cute!
Really a fucking ticket nothing better to do? And on top of that where the fuck are my Marilyn Monroe plugs? I order them shits 3 weeks ago
also how can i link your show to my site, as well I'm looking for a web designer/administrator, your site guy did a great job
How is it that Brown gets called for diving there? Smith took a lumberjack swing at his backside? What's the guy supposed to do?
Throw that shit back
you went to that? Lol
The military was doing prostitutes as well, which someone should have figure out when they were charged 200 million for a hand job
What is there to play about...life happens only once, so just live it.
can you follow me please?
I enjoy that you just used the term "bakery associate"
why you grounded from facebook??(:
I guess since hes asleep, ill go to sleep(: goodnigggghttttt!< 3
yeah. Cave B. thanks for the dish Sean!
I vote 3... Yes, 3 :) cheers guys I'll touch bases when I arrive
noticing fans?
Now I appreciate so many things that I didn't pay attention to as a child.
It's embarrassing to watch this UCONN team with this much talent show nothing each and every game!
From an email received this morning: "You are the most awesome librarian I have ever worked with! Thanks a bunch! Have a wonderful day!!!"
fat beats brotha. Sky Monkey Business. Thanks for the follow.
I love cooking for
Not spam: I should've added a personal note. We're trying out Klout, which interprets your online influence.
They call me building climber round here haha .
Half of my heart isn't deployed. My whole heart is in Afghanistan.
seriously. It's not safe out here with the Lakers.
Absolutely! Can't wait to check it out. RT : Thanks for the shout out!
-dude on the train tonight was rocking Marlins WS cap; another w/ brilliant throwback San Jose Sharks cap. Looks great; au courant.
So now I know how crazy is too crazy for Arizonans: Rick Santorum.
": Balance your dream and your job until your dream becomes your job!"
what a long day, hope you all have an awesome night!! <3
Why can't friday come any sooner !? I just wanna see the show and then go home..
Or work, or school. RT its an unspoken rule that youre not supposed to go to the gym when its raining...right?
thanks angel!
Great conference tweets on Native American & indigenous issues MT : #iaas12 is very diverse this year w/wide range of topics
Dear ladies: if you're tired of guys staring at your boobs, just turn around. We like asses too.
Seriously?? Turgeon ejected?? Ugh come on Terps are you serious??
I'm a senior next year.:D
Laughing pretty hard at Chris Waitt's doc, A Complete History Of My Sexual Failures. It premiered in 08, check it out.
It was so encouraging to get a handmade and handwritten note in the middle of tech! Thanks again for your support!
friggin sweet man! You ready to see Dark Shadows??
#GoTribe Go tribe!!
Today I'm calling the Michelin man, as he's on a roll creating great stuff for [PROJECT-X] today.
Yes ill be able to catch Cs game...well seocnd half tonight :)
God I hate the NFL. Its freakin' APRIL and half of Sportscenter is about the damn draft.
for you...anything :)
Looking for some good new music. Any suggestions?
pitch practice time first up chills again?
Hey Pittsburgh: We're filling up fast with Prom appointments. Book yours now before it's too late. Come get gorgeous!
you're
#RARS lets go
How about we start honoring all of the other ancient and culturally irrelevant laws that are found in the Bible??
#20ThingsAboutMe I like being known as the funny girl, but I want just about everyone to know that I know how to be serious.
RT Judging by the excerpts, Romney plans to keep it simple, even a bit humdrum, at his Liberty U commencement address tomorrow.
they don't need to
ME TO
Listen to all day ! $wag :)
Do you have questions about our artists or what we do? Feel free to ask!
Interested in setting up G+ Hangout for #SMC leaders on 5/22? Best practices, brainstorming?
Cebu Philippines, The Residences Condominium at Marco Polo Cebu Real Estate Philippines ..... Sulit Real Estate - Buy and Sell Real E...
Doing my homework. I got Thelonious Monk's "brilliant corners" and "the unique..."
ah! Im so excited! Me and 2 friends are making and a song!
That's hilarious! And awesome.
Anyone in the media asking for proof of that statement? Or do we just roll with GOP cooked up "solutions" for made up problems?
us short people don't have that problem
I'm down!
Dude...that pizza is really good.
haha i thought i was the only one ;D
Was only impressed w/bynum, the rest were ok, yeah laker fans, only ok...u need more to make a run for a ring, reality check
I suffer from girlnextdooritis where the guy is friends with you and that's it ~Taylor Swift
Happy 6th Birthday !!
The MODS Squad.
what the pot?
Oh, he's a nice guy. Give him a break.
I can't help but think/hope that going after verbals is BB's issue. No secret he's done it. There has to be more to it.
if I give you a piece of paper to hold in front of your face... then I throw a rock at you... Would you STILL think paper beats rock? :P
Stanlee Gatti just bought fabric from me. I wonder what he's doing in Portland.
No matter who you are, no matter what you do, you absolutely, positively do have the power to change. – Bill Phillips
for sure but at least arse and chelsea drew this weekend...
#Rondo is in another world.
No disrespect but, Natalie Jackson is hella fine! Lmao
More haircuts at Be U means a better looking city! So tell a friend
Tip for all you networkers out there, don't try to sell me something with your elevator pitch. Get to know me and let me get to know you!
Starting back up Production of my Film-Series "The Transcendant" Tomorrow night!!! Excited, Nervous and Anxious!!! Should be fun yea!!!
It's 3:30 pm. (Otherwise known as time to go dunk my head in a cappucino).
wonderful & congrats :) you know where to find me ;)
I'm heading home. Pretty tired...
It's not a Monday without a student's parent screaming at you over the phone.
We love the good food of NC - congrats to all
He's 18 , I #Believe that #Someday he'll follow me back #NeverSayNever <3 40
Sheesh Why Is Yu all The Way From LA ??
Ok Gang! Moo's gonna keep ya company for a bit while I head home. Don't be afraid, she only eats grass and porkbelly sandwiches.
Tan doesn't equal pretty.
RT if you love Paul Higgins.
Congrats of , elected President of Student Government Association at !
Horde's overly entertaining at times. xD The new horde is awesome.
TGIF everybody! It's been a long week. I'm knackered!
The most common predator is mom's boyfriend. I base this on 13 yrs as elem principal.
I need an RSS Reader. Any suggestions?
Mobbin to Cheney with the brother:)
Time for another shot of Kenya for the morning post hockey game hangover. This stuff how so much grape flavor and natural sweetness :)
yeah & now i broke her feelings .!!! what a horrible daughter i am i just whant to die -_- ...
Cool I may send ya a follow request :-). Have a killa night!
I gotchs homie, I will check out some of your beats...
/ I MISSED that and the opening I was in hospital. Congrats to the winners 💓
Twisted Sister or Alice Cooper? Go
I went to sleep and the Magic was leading 52-25 when I woke up they had lost ...WTF!
Yes & now many R saying Santorum should stay in because they want the primary 2 go on 4 a long time (Palin).
The brand new record,"Where I Am...Where I Want To Be" came out today!! Pick it up on iTunes or Amazon.com for only $4.95!!!
Our security line is slowed because this child fell out because she doesn't want to put her bag on the belt. Help me Lord!!!
30mins of video is gonna take 2 hours of render, damn final cut
": #Grammys: #Drake looks amazing in his tux"
Thank you Maryam!!! :)
Practicing new and bizarre card games with
I waa having a nice day untill you showed up.
ah -- fair enough. i don't have any worthwhile information or advice to share. surprise, surprise haha
Just to clarify....they need to start the self-paced course before they get together live the first time, right?
Things I learn: the bar at Redwood Bar has a direct line to the LA Times news desk.
MT “: This city is blessed to have Danny Harris as a resident. cc: ” bummed to miss Ignite tonight
This is why we t have rice things!
Okaii um imma go to bed now ... Maybe ... Probably not lol well c :)
they've already played it on y100 so this isn't exactly a 'world premiere' but i'll still listen. ;-)
Sure wish I could visit. *sigh*
The opportunity in mobile is massive. Quicker to add new functionality; it bridges the digital divide.
Someone remind that jackass Donald Trump that he was born rich and managed to bankrupt a fricken casino. Twice.
French vanilla candle! Yes :)
Haha I may not be a Redskins fan but I am happy for y'all. Quality quality quarterback you guys are getting
Many of us think more about not being out maneuvered by a coworker then our own sinful and idolatrous hearts.
RT : After coaching LeBron James and Kobe Bryant, one thing is certain: Mike Brown is going to write a great book someday.
When you’re in your nineties and looking back, it’s not going to be how many awards you’ve won. It’s really what did you stand for. Did...
Morning Rockstars! > You're happiest while you're making the greatest contribution. - Robert F. Kennedy
Thrilled to get first shipment of playdough and bubbles from our amazon.com wish list. Thank you wonderful donors!
Ah cool. I can imagine your character would be a fun one to write.
sorry to hear that :( remember you are amazing and that person is an idiot. things will get better, stay strong!
Killin' time...waitin' to play some music...
Thanks for your prayers!! It went great!!!
Hawks scored more points!
please follow - you won't regret it
Interviewing some amazing women for our #adayformetahouse video today. We can't wait to share their stories with you in May!
sounds great Eric! I'll try to make it up there for sure!
Why am I awake right now ?
ttp://www.businessinsider.com Hey Tryavon, you want to act like a bad-ass, take what comes with it. You're dead now, huh?, motherfucker!
miss u all so much! I'm saving a bike for u in Weho, Melissa!
I give so people in need know they are not alone.
ready set go! See you tonight kiddo!
We did a pop up library at a hackathon in Chicago a few weeks ago.
dink or drink?
what up lil brother
Tweeting til this sleep catch up and defeat me
ttp://t.co/e6NzHW5G Haha, but so trueRT : "Let your researcher out to play with others" and other words of advice from...
text me?(:
Dear Chicago Art Gallery who twitter-blocked me, not gonna buy any of ur art anyway so I guess it doesn't matter no how.
Lol I know, it was an emergency cause her dad is sick so she had to go.
that chik revealed that she envied KK which in itself is very SAD but whatz sadder is the energy she devoted to hateration!
Dazed and confused never gets old
When my dad tries singing drake...
Thanks! I appreciate the kind words.
Ah! also freaking out about this #Neutrality business. When will we decide we can't let the Market take care of this?
hi I know your son is dealing w/ autism how did you deal w/people who didnt understand or dont?
Hah, I went with the Yeah Yeah Yeahs :-)
Hehe got to charge my phone (:
Where is it that you have discovered some of your best friends?
man im late af ...
you got it. We are stocked on beef and open til 5pm, perfect.
i will be hearing mass later in the evening..
R.C. is proud to have Cincy By The Slice as a valued new client. More to come! Big news coming from R.C. in late December/early January...
I ride dirty, tryna get filthy!
Reading Cameron Stauth's "The Franchise" and chuckled at a cameo appearance by "Portland columnist David Kahn."
MPL's website recently went Drupal - I only work a small piece of it, but once the set-up is done, it is fairly easy
Anyone else sick and tired of being sick and tired of everything?? What is your solution to the ridiculous everyday norm?
shit filling out this paperwork for disability
Sadly many think freedom comes physically in reality the mind is what is imprisoned! Find something to be thankful for! Happy Wednesday!
lawlz i give up. ive been trying forever to get madison to follow / tweet me. he never will.” amen to this
Why, oh why, is there a "very long wait" for a DVD of Cabaret, America? Really?
Magazine 'issue' of the day: A cover with embroidered boots can't compete with a cover of celebrities or current events.
how? Did yoou see me wheen I came from lunchh?
I'm headed to my studio at 2233 Park Ave., Orange Park, Florida. If you are in the area stop by and say hi. I look forward to meeting you!!
Good bye Spirit Lake! Heading back to Georgia.
Group run tonight! Meet at Leif/Thurman gate at 6:00.
.....and the longest week ever continues. ready to dominate final 2 out of 4 though.
It was toasty this morning. Summer running is here!
Help spread the #mmj LOVE with tokedtees...... We do custom designs just ask!
hahaha they're all so cute. Allison is my personal favorite.
Haha me too, always have the iPad in the bathroom with Pandora playing
I hate when people retweet simple things like when someone says goodmorning
When are you leaving?<AB
I know some of the best programmers in the world, I wanna get them to give Egypt an unhackable online based election process....
Hi! informed me that you oversee the #xsquad models and that we should chat soon.
How am I not myself?
#imagine Harry pulls you close to his body and kisses you.
Damn I blinked and the fight was over! Lol
I think it's safe to say that linsanity only lasted a week lol lol!!
suppressors How to make a silencer for an airsoft gun?
Still looking for Actors and Actress in the DC/Maryland/Virginia area for my short film...if you know anyone who is interested hit me up
Hm, hey guys!
SHUT...the front door -_-
Anything with bacon is bound to be a winner! Wish I had a reason to be in that neck of the woods ... :)
We offer free shipping
Having resolved that my old 100 pound television won't be joining me in NYC, I am convinced it knows and is watching me wretchedly
ennuendo? An Italian enema?
Oh good. Someone to blame lolRT : I didn't just jinx something, did I?
You too! Black sheep before kids are outta school June 13?!
Nice! What will you draw?
Guys that are hoes turn me the fuck off...ew
The why isn't important lol. But as to the how, the "focused" tweet about u grinding. It's true. Made me think of a piece to write
just downloaded it. Does it really tell you where it's specifically located instead of just an address?
I dunno. It's late here in Mphs TN. Thought u were a chick. Please disregard. I'm buzzed. Gnite :)
Ok allergies stop making me look like I've been crying all night. Love Spring - hate allergies.
Oh agreed. Plenty of LDS folks do NOT use their faith as an oppressive tool. Exceptions abound.
Missing my Southern Comfort living ATOWN! Free Paris Ross shout out Playa Made, CME, DJ Blu 400 Block, College Park
Keep me posted on Coach B and CofC! Btw.. Tupelo Honey yet?
what's up with your website?
packers and badgers both play tonight ... really excited to c russell wilson start at qb for bucky!
its not his serious job, I think he is in highschool.. And I dont even talk to him, I just see him a lot, haha:)
I will be participating in Santacon, downtown PDX. Catch me if you can.......
He's 18 , I #Believe that #Someday he'll follow me back #NeverSayNever <3 42
Looking forward to seeing you, Beth!! So glad you're returning to Philly!! We shall welcome you like crazy!!
You don't count...you have 700+ :)
you're too kind :) thank YOU for your support. We're never giving up until we have Lauren.
It's about time for another Rant Shop contest/giveaway. What shall it be?
If there was an Olympic event for water bottle filling, you are looking at the gold medalist.
Lol or not
Thank you, and *absolutely* let's talk again! Thanks for reaching out today! Happy writing!
Longest 24 hours of my life :p good to be home! :)
We'd probably make a video for Superhero or Fool For You!
Bulls showed 2nite they r a complete team. Bench Mob 56 miabench 15
EVERYONE TREND
I seriously don't know. maybe it wasn't heroin. it might have been cocaine. but either way right
With less than 15 mins remaining the score is still tied at zero. Great defense has been played by both teams
lucky... I'm not going either !
my phone was stolen.... no way to contact anyone. dm me your # please.....
it's okay. Everyone likes my faces
You act like im invisible to you.
I'm mad at I wanted to go to the movies 2morrow to c act lik a lady think lik a man n she talkin bout she has a date
RT if you love and will support him for ever and ever and ever x♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
Reviews by and for parents/families who have children with #specialneeds and those living w/SN - ONLY at www.knowledgesafari.com!
Remember when Jorts gave Sullinger that Spaulding tattoo? That was awesome.
Just got thru a rough patch but feeling better, thanks. Research is slow going but have time now to forge ahead ;)
YOU CANT DO THIS TO ME!!<3
It's a little cranky out there in the wet, kids!
I feel greater to be the Creator
We are too! RT “: I'm pumped for . and . tomorrow night at .”
Shame the blame game.
Stories like this, the "racist rock", even Tom Hanks video...have all the adults left the planet?": If we can't distinguish
I like the rain today. Hope it rains tomorrow too.
so jelly, ok gurl! I was speaking of the annual meeting actually, are you going?
hi tweeter!
OMG. I miss that.
I loved your poem in the
Gimme a girl to look up at the stars with me and then I will be happy.
ha nice. Should be called the all American
I thought true grit was pretty good at that
nothing I will back to home after 7 days now in egypt its 6:45pm ! Egypt is a nice country I love it ! So do u finish u exams ?
this girl.
Even tho we lost, I had a great night.(:
i'm so screwed. so screwed.
The zip commercial on pandora has came on so many times, I memorized it!
11 - 0 in hardcore sabotage? I dont hate it
hi! I'm repping up in PDX now. Wouldn't be friends of if we didn't meet up for some In?
Oh so I guess the grammys are on
Handy-down, cannon-bomb, stumb, stunder, Uncle Loe, Uncle Leff... kids say the darndest things.
"It's a hootenany in the USA!!!"
hi terri and friends, hope your day went well
“: I got money, hoes, money and hoes”
": Niall is/was at waxy o'connells watching the leinster rugby game!"
Too bad this isn't going to get done until Lame Duck by which time tens of thousands will have been laid off.
2 old men tonight asked me if I played golf cause I looked familiar..but I had no idea who their granddaughters were lol
Booked nomiya restaurant on top of the Palais de Tokyo in Paris for dinner...on the fence for Jules Verne in the Eiffel tower.
Fat, drunk & happy Hilton-style in my pool cabana with cocktails, fruit + cheese plates AND a flat screen TV. Is this real life?
Going to the Grand Rapids Art Museum, UICA, and Kendall College Art galleries tomorrow!
6 days ago me and hilton lapier visit netcong, nj. It was fidelity and zeal..
I cannot believe the Police said this isn't a big deal .. When it is . My life could be at risk ..
“: "Three day weekend" Sunday is the only Sunday I'll ever like.”
How about them cats and mkg is the man
Today was a good ass day
do we hae practice today??
Kinsler deciding not to run on Markakis...smart choice
Gen. Washington informs the Massachusetts Legislature the army will need 10,000 cords of wood the first and 200 tons of hay for the winter.
Thank you for the #FF love , , , and
you wanted to be a background dancer huh ?
I love sitting outside at night to look at the stars and the moon
because it has you and Alex involved(; haha(: what would you do if he read all this.?
Woohoo! Thanks for the follow back!
Never leave signs of pets when your house is on the market.
There are so many birds inside walmart...yet theres no bird crap?? these are the things to ponder
Yea… i'm a big 'online brand' enthusiast. These are all great topics. Do you see certain ideas/topics being overlooked?
Lovely cup of Joe this a.m. You are tweetastic! xx
Storming like crazy in Atlanta!
it's old. And not quite as cute.
Hey - I'm loving , brilliant experiment! Have you ever seen any of 's stuff on metacurrencies?
new graphic up on my myspace. feel free to show some love
dam i wanna be like Heff where are all the nice sexy ladies at? get at me. ;) in the words of pit bull ill make sure ur peach fees peachy ;)
Both coyote goals tonight were cheap ones.
thank god he doesn't have a twitter right haha & i know this is so much easier said than done but get over him. you deserve it
Shopping spree to get longer skirts and bike shorts for the She Cub because her legs are crazy growing.
If hunger is not the problem, then eating is not the solution
Gonna be at the six figure business school bright and early in tha AM. Can't wait to learn multiple streams of income!!!
Breakfast compliments of and a Kindle Fire. Thanks and I have the best kids and hubby!!
Culberson did get his 1st hit yesterday in Arizona in front of his family which was way cool.
The first step in changing your culture is defining the new one with incredible clarity.
I Love You So Much Ms.Janet!!
that's a better image.
Thank you Angela for the tweet about our event tomorrow night!
not sure I tried calling her .. Maybe ritz?
“ Right! She got balls tonight RT Cynthia bold tonight I see.”/Lets see how far her balls take her. Marlo coming.
people do not understand how much i hate the cta! 😡 i hate it but i love my school.
Sweet, looks awesome Kevin! Think there's place for a icon on or on your personal site? :)
That makes me gag. Howevs, I still curse you and your skinniness.
While I wouldn't call it full confirmation of 's #bbp, it def was more evidence than you've shown as of late.
Envy is a murdering spirit that exists mostly between brothers with the same dream (I.e. Cain & Abel). AVOID IT!
well, i generally agree with portnow's paen to music ed. but doesn't excuse the fact that he's a slimey corporate lobbyist
Can I put my head in between your tits and fall asleep tonight?
will do!
it's okk
Happy saturday! let the recording begin. CD makin' time
i () absolutely love chiptole. def. my fav place to eat on the road.
Pls follow back
text me need to talk to u guys
"the safeway select Justin Timberlake" dude's rap bio just made him instantly endearing
lol right? it just made me so sad for her. i can't imagine how you can grow up in the 21st century and end up like that
$5 glasses of wine & $7.99 all-you-can-eat pasta tonight. Don't miss out!
--> I can imagine o_O
Thanks Kyle! :)
whats your favorite thing to do besides dance and basketball ? And follow me ? <3336
Last day on this planet as a 28 year old...gonna be a good one!
Of course not. It's mid May. So it's the second game. RT : first game with the roof open?
Goaallll!:) #ilovethepens I think that was Martins first goal this season...? Not sure:)
the snow<----wear your galoshes & bundle up!
To believe what has not occurred in history will not occur at all, is to argue disbelief in the dignity of man. -Mahatma Gandhi
Thanks so much! I'm definitely too selfish. Imagine spending all your moolah on diapers. No, please.
MariAna peed all over me while watching the Oscars
hey(: my mom said tht you your mom and ur sis can come thursday to da party (: ♥
Where is the best place to start for modern Iron Man? Do I need to go all the way back to Civil War?
Oops. I forgot to wear green. O_o
Going for a workout and meeting up with some friends...Mr. Samuel it was nice seeing you and enjoying a great evening! See ya again soon!
All along the watchtower. They'll be singing the song forever.
Gear check complete for #drydensocial. I got 7 hours of 5 second timelapse images on one card. Likely picking up a 2nd.
#edshow GSA plans party with SECRET SERVICE "service" for first GAY PRESIDENT ( exotic menu)
The Cobb Wrap - delicious! RT : Better late than never! What did you have today, Adam?
Why should you beg people or even advertise in order for them to follow you?? #imjustsaying :-) #Insecure? #GainConfidence?? Lol
it never fails
How's your Isagenix coming Megan?
Walkin through some sketchy ass woods catchin frogs.
entertain me!
Young & Reckless. I'm bout that life.
Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one.
It's rainy, windy & cool. Step Ahead clients stay dry. Not only is the car steps away from the door. ..so is the driver with an umbrella!
I'm getting good at saying goodbye.
#3 on IMDb's comparable titles list for All God's Creatures? Gone With the Wind. This of course means AGC is also a timeless classic. Word.
Happy 6th Birthday !
go to their page. In the upper right hand corner click on the gray icon. It'll give u option to block
going to the game tomorrow??
Ate 20% more wings but they were 15% off with my Jacket Backers discount. Graceland.
thanks for standing up for animals, Rose.
Happy B-Day & V-Day, ! Totally going to Target to get your CD!!! Love you and your music! :D
I'm announcing my intent to have a twitter marriage. Any ladies want a (soon to be twice) published author as a sugar daddy?
going to bed. not tired though :/
Me: "I know you're lying." Boy: "I swear on my Mustang I didn't prank call you today."
I think I have work in the morning. I don't remember though Hm
that cheating sonofabitch. I got the same email!
When I'm 16 I'm getting my tongue pierced!
Okay!! And I've had my eye on this for awhile 4 u so hush ;-)
toe cramp!!
These dudes steady flockin !
is extremely wise with the tweets today.
Goin to bed I had a busy day today and going to have a busy day tomorrow then school Monday school school how we love school not love u all
Tired, so so tired x.x
Extras!! We need you for a shooting this Sunday. Please contact Liana Afuni at: , ASAP!
Nothin major though.
Kindness is the language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see. ~Mark Twain
; for one more chance to hold you close <3
[end rant]
Setting up for this banquet...
Thanks for the RT Laurie! Hope you liked the blog post on
Thanks for the following! Merry Christmas!
Got my hopes up
Too much to lose, so I won't leave.
I get to follow the Oil and Gas Industry
Happiness is being happy.
weed head / nympho
Can someone just make a TV show about life as an #Occupy protestor? K thx
are there any tour dates or exhibits planned for Los Angeles in the near future? I'd love to stand face to face with secrets.
Gotta hate this feeling
Only a couple hours left for the #HereWePurple deals. Finds them all in one spot with the Qponomics app for your smartphone. Free download!
The silhouette of a rabbit on the toast is pretty cool, too.
insurance provider $15,000 in medical expenses? That's the NYS cap. The real medical $$ total is closer to $35K. Bk in court next Tuesday.
how will we know them when we see them ?
Thank you for including me too.
looking forward to this!
I learned early on the importance of separating my self-worth with my work & creative ideas. Thrive in a critical environ't.
We moms have similar sentiments. Love your post. And the closing quote gave me chills!
YEAH...TODAY WAS SPRING CLEAN DAY :(
great game tonight! you should video chat with your tweeps on #spreecast. dm me for more details.
I think fleshing that out on your home page would help frame understanding of its value a lot
The only pop albums I've gotten into this year are Electra Heart and Trespassing. And Born To Die, if you consider that to be pop.
Bitches love Ryan Gosling but lets face it he's
Groupon and the like are normally cheaper than turning up on the day. for example is awesome
Huff just needs to strap the rally thong back on. It's so obvious!
I was just thinking that!
Yeah, funny story...it was & idea, but they forgot. Appears WE won out :)
Food Fact of the Day: April 27, 1995 On 'Seinfeld' Kramer began sculpting with pasta.
RT : "thanks Partner #1stClassBand in the Building #Palace on Plume : good luck today I know u will
you're welcome.
....... you obviously are doing crack right now...
Shouts out to the females who wear more make up then clothes. You made ya daddy proud.
Moyer should be happy he has a job and work on trying to keep it.
My little sis made a twitter! I can only imagine what she'll tweet about! Follow her b/c I said so
follow me me me me me me me me me me me me!
: O ok dats wats up how old is he? Step in2 my office real quick...
Turns out our Facebook page requires you to ask for an invite. Please do so, and I will add you. Thanks!
Modesto is crackin right now, Latin Fest!!!
Where do you stand on being "Facebook Official"? Is it a relationship if it doesn't exist on Facebook? Thoughts...
How's Newt doing today? Heard he launched his 2016 campaign. Is that true?
thanks for the follow bro. #golow tomorrow
Scanner pics are the new upskirt
Thanks for the follow. Looking forward to keeping up with you and hearing about your journey. We're a racing family too.
How do we balance that w/ sincere creation? RT The Rethink Music morning theme? Embrace ubiquity.
hahaha! i saw it on profile! it looks really good! :D
Hey there, great to connect! I enjoyed meeting Scott, you two were cracking me up with the Auburn/Bama chat!
#teamallnighter is still up at 10:50 AM EST
Just a humble Rhode Islander abroad. In Boston.
Oh definitely. I saw the 154-minute one at the Wisconsin Film Fest, and the first thing I thought when it was over was "That's it?"
Red soxs player Will Middlebrook is getting married to a former cowboys cheerleader. They've known each other since they were 12 (':
think I'll be otherwise occupied then or I would've considered it
Fascinating updates from about role of local library when press descends on a small town.
You know it.
if I ever get married instead of walking down the isle, I'm gonna big step down it lol.
has done a lot of their music for their commercials...
This game is giving me an ulcer.
The Honors Newsletter team is looking for contributing writers! E-mail for more info!
You're so wise. You're like a miniature Buddha, covered in hair. I'm sure is more your style
are you ok?? What happened??
This is out of control!
Katie and Chadd bought a house today!! Congrats!!
Guys are so lucky. Be a girl for a day fuckers.
yep and then somelol
care to lax?
Flying int'l and I got a whole damn row to myself!!! Sweet! This never happens.
lately i've been slacking off on my homework.. im kinda disappointed
Here's to the American Man
Can't sleep 😔
I feel like dumb people have so many more witticisms memorized than I do. Respect.
Trainer/kill-buyer combinations are not unusual at smaller racetracks!~Jo Anne Normile, CANTER founder
I'm not doing this anymore.
"I thought your last name was Astonish!" LOL
be safe.
kinda wants to go past the govt center, out of morbid curiosity.
i can honestly say im lovin my life rite now...i do what i want...OAN; new music comin soon...
Don't you think that FB has the same issues as Pinterest, though? People post all kinds of photos & share them there.
Did anyone catch our President Victoria Schmitt in the RBJ?
Apple, Google, Amazon and Facebook - These described by OpenCape CEO as The Four Riders of the Apocalypse
Thanks to for finally letting me come check out ! Hope the filming went well.
If you RT teen quote accounts i'm unfollowing you.
www.youtube.com SEARCH KARISSA LYNN. It would really mean a lot. Thank you if you have already!
Your face Pau Gasol is what happens when you get beat up continuously as a child.
Turning onto I-70 W at Washington, PA. Snow still coming down. Road wet but not slick. Taking our time. 3ppl awake w/ driver.
wadup bro, just hittin up parties, what about you?
In Music Meeting A Place to Bury Strangers “Keep Slipping Away” Still the echoes of The Jesus & Mary Chain, I like this band Do U?
Off and running for the weekend? Who has a race this weekend?
lmao trynna put his name on it ...
Pancakes for breakfast and #TinaTurner on my iPhone - good morning, kids!
I wish this guy would stop leaning on me
Music feeds the soul , so fill up on the music
Trying to find a good movie to watch with my little sister from Big Brothers Big Sisters. Is the Karate Kid worth seeing?
#NFLrookie advice: Just like any celebrity, athletes have a popularity cycle. Start now thinking about the kind of legend you hope to become
You should introduce yourself.
West couldn't even get the smear right. It is supposed to be 80 members of #dsa. And that is not true either.
Someone play me on words with friends or something... Oh my gosh I'm bored.
Offensive foul? What
It's sad days when that happens haha
Old meaning of sorry. “I won’t do it again.” New meaning of sorry. “Damn I got caught, next time I need to be more careful.”
Dear Mikah Sykes, Really sorry about your dinner. I'd love to hear more about your experience and what you did not like.
No patdown today and I'm even wearing my David Beckhams
disagree. No team has heart like my team
is giving away a brand new XPS 13 laptop tonight & again tomorrow! Stop by booth #1503 to enter to win!
I'm glad that Hollie stayed but why did it have to be ?!?!?!? :( :(
You iz Kind, You iz Smart, You iz important!!!
Mad Men!
yep, we kinda rock the house =)
The firemountain catalog is the one I just got - it's like a thousand pages of temptation :-)
When Mahomies tell me 'I hope you get a chance to meet Austin oneday' gives me hope that I WILL meet him oneday.. <33
FIT2GO MENU OF THE WEEK – What’s for lunch? This week you can have our lime chicken, steak with bell peppers, and turkey curry salad....
To know what people really think, pay regard to what they do, rather than what they say. ~ Descartes
Of all spots in the library I have to sit next to the chick who chews with her mouth open.
Who wants to play draw something!?
Haha hm it's a presentation and i hate those, i always like freeze up... oh btw, are you at the jack marshall ball in sept?
couldn't agree more
mama asked about you this am ! thank u for tellin us u made it safely :-P
The great original. A true legend. He took the banjo to new heights
agreed, and not especially easy to distinguish.
Hey ! I haven't screwed up anything yet! Woo hoo!
Weeks can't snag the liner, and Hart was guarding the line, so Stubbs scores from first on what should've been a single.
Wish we had a picture of that tagged Porsche. Just sayin...
Hahaha! These guys are IDIOTS on #flippedoff. This is a show about everything NOT to do when investing in Real Estate. No joke.
Just got done wit my first final 2 more
Wow, Good morning!
Omigod ROCK THE BELLS!!
wondering if figured out what I did to his phone yet.
Change the wording to "Throw a football at Brett Favre" and see it skyrocket.
YOU GUYS MAKE SNAPBACKS LOOK SO CUTE <3.
By the way, Kings take game 1 over the Blues. LA has got to be the hottest team in the playoffs. Watch out for the dangerous 8 seed!
People are so weird omfg
I LOVE RICE.
#badideajeans without a doubt
yo fool hmu if you want the bread
#MadMen tease a lot of big things up front. Let's see what this week of madness has to offer
Haha yelling my name.
Uh time to work
are and competitors?
Very cute.
Hope you can cross paths at #sxsw, both doing great work w/ community media + questions of representation
not having anything to do<<<<
Msg Rec from OkCupid: "Maybe we could meet for brunch or coffee and feed some ducks at a park." Me: Actually, yes! (OMG, finally)
INDIANA!!! who Needs Tickets?!
Achievement unlocked: 5 days of the sheets staying tucked in at the foot of the bed.
as a Chiefs & Bears fan I have less questions about Mclellin & many more about Poe.
Ug. Just learned Dow SIS is being discontinued. ZIP-R not available yet. Anyone know of other insulated sheathing?
i think the store deb was made for me
man, I'm jealous. No food trucks ever come out to Pikesville. Hey we should add that to the article!
At least you didn't lose your lunch!
you should check your DM's<333 hehe. Just a suggestion :D
Good to see you house! I found an answer to your excellent question: 70K. ;)
Young and Stupid Left Wide Open Hearts Are Wasted Lives Are Broken
got to give #BYU props, they capitalized on mistakes, and played stellar defense when it counted. #UHsb plays now at 3 pm HT today
“: Online advertising and targeting does not equal cheap - it's a valuable tool - not something to throw in the mix"
Oh! I WANNA DANCE WITH SOMEBODY! I WANNA FEEL THE HEAT WITH SOMEBODY! YEAH I WANNA DANCE WITH SOMEBODY! WITH SOMEBODY WHO LOVES ME!
Listening to 's wondervisions and it's starting to feel like spring.
YES. So is
I'm interested in working with you. I'm an engineer based in New York City, working at U should come by...
how do u knew tyler
I don't wanna brag but yes, I have 61 followers. Aiming for 1 more follower then Barack Obama!
there is no such thing as NPR
I have been known to freak out on people at the grocery store who only put 1 or 2 items in a plastic bag. Biggest pet peeve.
Preserving our past for our future.
Following you back now homie
Nature holds the perfect balance within the natural rhythm of life's cycles and it is this, we must aim to integrate within our own life.
CRAZY good game. Come on #UNCAsheville!
Good Morning fellow tweeters!
hey fancy pants! Nick and I are running the September race in Denver. Have I started training? Nope.
That's awesome! Happy to hear you have no regrets! :)
I prefer Chucks over Jordans, I smoke weed outta papers, I listen to The Kooks, and I'm still G as fuck, fool...
I'm so HIGHKEY jealous of the 2012 classes @ other schools . . Cause all us ehs seniors had a fucked up year . No kinda fun , no nothing
Signs of a Great day
Back in Pittsburgh (again). N got right n my bed.
Get off my stage
Nemo a.k.a Pashaa will be spinning a delicious blend of Trendy Beats and Sexy Grooves with his famous " KEEP THE VIBE ALIVE " Radio Show...
Follow Back?:) ♥
Thanks, I'll pass this along! And if you two ever require an extra reader/listener/nerdfighter/etc, I'm here for ya!
Think I'm going to add a POE injector this time. Hasn't been an issue yet but I can certainly justify it all the same
I'm good....u kno jcp laid me off? Smh bitches
Fresh fitted tonight
Check us out at www.watchnhllive.com for all the NHL games live online just register and enjoy the games!!!
Hope everyone's enjoying the last day of "winter"! :D
Sick today :-(
this is what I get for hooking up mailchimp to my twitter acct. yes, craftsman - Tom Colicchio asked us to change - honor?
And I honestly cant deal w india being drunk when im sober
My mind is officially blown
Presenting to the Tacoma Angel Network screening committee today
lol I'm from Brooklyn ny
nice to see I'm not alone in the predawn category on a Saturday! :)
Still catching up, but I'm liking it a lot! Super helpful for crossing over to web. Well done
Ron Roy, Rob Paul, Ron Paul. Know the difference!
“: #EveryoneHasThat1Friend who will be your Maid of Honor one day.”
J: Who is the good guy in Beowulf? C: Beowulf. J: I'm going to be bad at teaching Brit Lit, aren't I?
yes it is.. the one of my fav songs *-*
RT : What if deja vu means you actually died, and are returning to your last checkpoint?
Regarding my last post, I for one certainly enjoy them
The only people you need in life are the ones that need you in theirs.
Wet and rusting.
Gatorade is SO HARD to open.
No SPAM!
The sea really is calling.
wrap party for 1 is white wine.
Let the woman respond to what happened back then!!
": As Mercury transits through Taurus, the mind may want to be a "Master Builder" - bringing ideas into form. #astrology"right
OMG I SEEN MYSELF IN THE VIDEO <333 you guys are amazingg<3333
Sweet dreams...
So called me today and told me what to do for auditions. My acting dream is starting to come true 
D'oh. I am devastated to be getting on a three hour flight w/o a pen. I feel naked, and not a confident naked. Pens 4 sale @ thairport suck!
Okay, Chicago, it's TEN degrees warmer there than it is here. I'm impressed.
Do you read local food blogs? If so, what's your favorite?
#20factsaboutme 10) I think my ex might kill me in the future
hell yeah it is.
Thanks Coach. I appreciate you.
Gavin Floyd turned out aight for those Whitesox meanwhile Kyle Kendrick
Trivia n' Beer Date! <3 “: All Crafts and Imports $3 from 8-10. Trivia at 9. Drink beer, win beer.”
we love to see people reusing their JT bags:)
yes sir and they are in postseason form
I think that I shall never see a poem as lovely as a tree.
no it's not. He is precious! You be good to him!
Holy pain..
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
Realtor: first you folks tell me what you can afford, then we'll have a good laugh and go on from there :D
What I learned today, can burp like a dude and it's hot The more you know...Shooting Star!!!!
and everybody else LOL
"When you do the common things in life in an uncommon way, you will command the attention of the world." George Washington Carver
aww I love u too 🐛
WGVU - FM 88.5 just broadcast my recording of "There Never Will Be Another You"! Aloha Allendale MI!!
Seriously! Some snow has its merits (4 -6 wks, tops) - Of course I grew up in Wisconsin so I'm a bit biased as well...
Just a reminder...I can now be seen in the recently released music video for "Marry Me" by top selling band !
are you in Dublin?
is loosing her battle with cancer quickly. PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE tweet her, just so she knows you love her.!!
Ha! Use of "NoPo" leads to drug deals, saggy pants, rap booming from cars, and Decline of St Johns Civilization
gotcha so if you count the 3rd TD for Shipley then it would be Gilbert's 2nd TD pass, correct?
yea but they only sold a few vip 2day and sellin the rest at 10am....ill c u there
There's always next year ;-)
Things I wish somebody reminded me of in grad school: your membership fees go way up when you land a job!
For the first time, I feel like Mr. NotSoSmooth.....
CONGRATS! RT : Officially part of the University of South Carolina Class of 2016
Hey and ! Wish that you could post a list of wwe superstars who are on social networks. There are so many fakers !
Sometimes I play for real points, sometimes I play for style points, either way, I always win lol
I'm not a big fan either. He's a heck of a play and one of the best ever, but he takes lots of bad shots sometimes.
Demi says hi.
Meeting today to find out about our last 2 mnths here in Berwyn. Gotta find new work, and hope that CFD hires sooner then later.
Anyone use hotmail? I still do & have been flooded w/ SPAM the last 2 weeks. WTF? Guess it's time to use gmail full time.
i know :( i better be invited to your grad party, or i will be very mad!!!
never use USB anymore, but patrons might still
Shane, here's your tweet. =D
Thursday spelled backwards always spells c-r-a-z-y.
Why lie?just keep it 100%
Just saw the commercial on for #SW3 #StorageWarsSeason3 in June along with
Please respond to the text I sent u and Chelsea.
Atta boy A-rod
What a great Waukesha food blog! Nice breakdown by location of eateries around Waukesha and good reviews.
Target baby!
takes one to know one 😉
Really?! And you'd give that away free?
And that's who I'm going with!!
btw thanks for rocking the guitar solos in both those great cuts
Have you tried replacing your password with a pass-phrase? word-number-word-number etc. it's harder to hack
Braces thurs, start shooting sat. & sun., Have one audition fri. and maybe anther audition the day i shoot, ugh! I'm feeling tired already
what temp are you going with? Thinking of doing one this weekend.
What? Sheriffs?
Another fun game you should play with your family is called Quelf. Definitely a fun game that will have non-stop laughing :)
It was great to see you too! I really enjoyed seeing
Will there ever be an end to music?
This one really hurts. RT MCA too?! Screw you, universe.
I had a good night.
“Life stands before me like an eternal spring with new and brilliant clothes.” ~ Carl Friedrich Gauss
Already know...But if it makes u feel better...knock yourself out.
[I'll Have Another] wins the 138th running of the Kentucky Derby.
you're missing one hell of a time down here in extended!
ugh why should she he was a cheater shes better off without him
The traffic jams have been no fun, the Central line is halfway done. When all the work is finally through, All aboard the new choo-choo!
...was already there, and that TV has merely demonstrated that not all the performers are well trained. - Edward R. Murrow
Just finish cooking now getting ready for work 3rd shift......
A little dance party while getting ready for my date night with
The #moon is insane tonight. Absolutely beautiful!!!
When your tweet mentions anything related to Kansas City Jazz, use the hashtag
Finally home and will be at the ballpark tonight. Can't wait!
With my brother at the orthodontist, he's getting braces
My favorite holiday.. I get the chance to thank my best friend for everything she's done for me 😊 I love you mom.
Is Greinke wearing his Cerveceros jersey again, today?
How times have changed: As kids we used a rotary phone to talk & 4 TV channels. My 11 yr. son is video chatting with his friends. I love it
when will u come to seatle washington? it makes me sad every time ithink bout how u never com:[
Through every girl and back. Lolol
Like Horse Feathers? RT "Someone try and put the word Feathers in their band name."
I notice there hasn't been any Liz on #GH for a while. Where are my Liz and Ewen scenes?
went to the mall Hung with Fam took the out watched movies also and finishes with the pool lol
cooked for ny baby
YES its still going on ........30 cent beers. Come in and find out what its all about!
It's the same reason that you can't get NFL Sunday Ticket on cable.
Padres tonight, chiro now. Maintenance keeps a tall girl straight. Congrats to my husband whose buyers just closed a great house.
Damn be having me pitching tents like I'm on a camping retreat #YouDaOne - XavierLT.com
but not by anyone any better. Unless you start trading.
Do more of what makes you happy
Enjoy a wonderful day, Ted!! *virtual hugs*
Doesn't matter, still getting 100 mil from the Yankees or Red Sox in a month or so.
Feel better . Come to GA on your next tour so we can give you our gift next time! :)
Marriage is like a phone call in the night: first the ring, and then you wake up.
& I smoke alotta weed to keep them niggas off my mind.
You guys were right. The Avenger's was really good!
not sure what you just said, but I agree with you!
Today, we are at ASTD New Orleans Work Smarter, Not Longer chapter development.
lol always gotta start an argument.. Yea we haven't argued in a while lol
How could I get into one of those #TEAMBACKPACK cyphers?
Despite those 7 glorious hours of sleep Jack gave me last night, I'm still exhausted. How long does one have to sleep to feel 'caught up'?
haha its easy!
I know! It's so good, and it's like dirt cheap if you just get the California rolls!
“: #GhettoTranslations : "you aint bout that life" -- your living standards are not fit for the situation at hand”😭😭😭😭😭😭
A great way to get new clients is to ask the right questions, but give no answers over the phone.
working out after a two month hiatus HURTS! Can't wait to see how tomorrow feels...:(
you make me smile c: i loves you too. Haha
LOVE riding that Indie Music Bus !! RT
I think husbands or significant others turn into newborns when they are ill! Right? Actually-collicky newborns!
I'm late for school cause aine wanna wake up.
I bought them 4 my mom for mothers day and she decided to read a passage I wanted to stab my ears out
Just heard your dad call into WCBM Radio in Baltimore .. he was touting his son .. and rightfully so. Keep up the good work!
Show on Sunday July 31st at Arnetic in Deep Ellum! Be there! Be there! Be there!
dangit... now I'm hungry!
Thanks for the mention Shane! See you Thursday night.
The Man gives a shout out to the Tweeter in the corner.
The Grey is really good
RT : Currently in Tulsa: A Few Clouds and 88°
she is..
Wieters is just sick.
My text messages right now <
Does anyone know where they are at now in the difference? Last I heard they were at 3%?
So now that #ROWE 2.0 has been born, I want you to start thinking about ROWE 3.0. Have that ready by tomorrow.
Just discovered my new found #talent of finding awesome parking spots.
Aye, I use it, rather regularly. It's still a quite-nice program; less glitchy than google video chat at times.
friday funday. we are eating Mediterranean food for lunch. therefore coupon code for a new waterproof shuffle is: FALAFEL $11 off
Thanks for dropping by last night! Did you get a chance to slurp some Oysters?
I woke up face down in my pillow. Blonde headed sluts did me in !
Excited about our event next week w/the Japanese Ambassador to the U.S. Expecting a great turnout from the entertainment/creative community
20-Inch Wheels Bmx Freestyle/Jump Bike By Mongoose ...
Matt Canada has about as good a resume as one can hope for having coached at Indiana and NIU ... which is to say, still kinda crappy.
This fool said I'm gon kidnap you, marry you, then have your babies...you don't have to thank me lol smh
This cutting back on meat thing sucks... I want BACON!
Hannah&Jenna--U are both awesome:) RT HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO OUR FAVORITE SUPERSTAR!!(: we love you!!!:D
shopped at Trader Joe's on Vine 4 the 1st time. Ppl more aggressive than me! Total came to $7.77. One of the Baldwins checked out behind me
Now that Santorum has dropped out, the GOP is about to go full force with negative campaigning about Pres. Obama.
lol if you had games I can almost guarantee he would skip mine to go to yours :(
absolutely, and pre-season is the worst time to go back too, think ill just stay away for now.
Give your favorite chat room a shout out below....
Good morning! Andaluz will open from 11am to 9pm today! We are still getting more fab new merchandise!
REALLY?! <3 oh my gosh.
RT : so, much, good, music!
Omg! Chelsea score. Now 2-2 on aggregate and Chelsea have an away goal. Barca has to score again to go through ..
lol I was just telling some about that the other day. He emotionally scared.
Get rid of all your excess debt NOW-if you are in Texas, ask us about a refinance-rates might be better than you think!
all day
best tweet i've ever seen!
★ ★ We can help you with one small detail for your upcoming event....or we can help plan the whole thing! ★ ★
JUST WIN, BABY!!!
RT : I love being a writer. What I can’t stand is the paperwork. PETER DE VRIES
TLC its all waterfalls, Hope you don't get wet when the waterfalls.
Only 5 weeks....
unsilent night 4... Ah can't wait (:
The Droidax 1600mAh lithium-ion battery replacement for Sony Xperia Arc is long lasting, lightweight and powerful.
dont think I did? Text me at 2703178082
no Jazz Fest for me alas. will be thinking of you !!!
I'm a gentleman, and you're a liar. \m/
Tell me what u think about the new profile pic
Splendid revelation today, I can look like I'm enjoying bottles of beer when it's really hard cider.
lol it'll be fine either way trust. Just find the right crowd to chill with throughout your time here.
If you guys haven't checked out yet, you're missing out. That's our #FollowFriday recommendation. What's yours?
awesome, congrats!
i'd be in.
Just got a chance to watch USA Indoors, !!!!! Orale Simon Que Si!!!!
Bases Juiced!
Lol. Kay! Did you ever take the GED test? I miss you and your bitch in classes. :(
#Imagine Austin Fan Boying about you everyday!
I don't care if you don't like Austin but just show some respect. K bye.
there was 60+ GB of stuff in my trash bin? pro tip: empty your trash bin
Your Mysterious Bookshop staff for Wednesday 04/25/12 is Dan and Ian!
Practiced piano this afternoon. Tonight, I'm chilling out after a long week.
My character in the film "Vengeance" has a really crappy day tomorrow.
Good food, good coffee, good conversation... GOODNESS OVERLOAD!! You are definitely too sexy for this song.
Good Morning .... Fresh new start to the fresh new weeK / month : )
yeah it was a nice day :) and getting in n out after was amazing! Lol
Play Your Part Everything Else Falls In Place...
BTW Ever heard of Mother Mother's "Bright Idea"? Got stuck on that song today.
odd jobs around my neighborhood. Text me.
In airport awaiting delayed flight I plug computer to kiosk w/3 others NO power They're ALL sheep Not one noticed I lose faith in humanity
I can paint one in yours as well. :)
I'm about to order Pizza Hut & make them deliver it to HML again ...
sure just did:) be sure to check us out and let us know what you think:)
How bout some Leuer w/ my Monta?!
A game that is John Lackey vs Brian Matusz should be banned from TV for graphic and disturbing imagery.
Thanks for following me!
Will have to read
SHOUT OUT FOLLOW Shes Amazing 
Getting ready for a wonderful talk in Chicago. Love Chi Town!
follow back? :)
I'm sure we can see what's going on after work. No water, !
yup yup!
SXSW party was amazing! We met so many cool people. Y'all rule. Special thanks to
I am paying attention
Are you watching the Ravens battle the Seahawks today? Do you have any game day predictions?
": I Don't Watch NBA or Anything, But I Take It This Steve Blake Guy Sucks? Lol"--- he just ain't clutch
Well Good Morn sunshine
RT : Shoutout to my girl because she sends me music files ✌
Which one can leave when he likes?
Evening to myself tonight.
First day fly fishing this year....froze & zipped but still better than work.
Decorated & finished shopping .. Now ready for the week.. Game night & 2 thanksgivings woo .. I love the holidays!!! <3 <3
Too many details to share in 140 chars-plz DM me an I'll provide a phone #
Math is the only class that makes me feel STUPID AF' -____-'
At Red Sox game... It's gotta be 50/50 Red Sox-Rockies fans...They already have the "Let's go Red Sox" chant going.... Only 1 pitch so far!
Love that!
oh hey!
RT #Obama2012slogans: “One thing for sure, if something went wrong – it wasn’t our fault!”
I really can't wait till school is out.
s/o to my new follower y
When a staff member brings an accusation against another staff member, it's up to the manager to do some fact finding before responding.
Pailla: This could be an ad-hoc committee with a deadline, keeping in mind student obligations, bipartisan, 8-9 people.
Meetup for Open Textbooks Reason 7: "Best practices on using open resources"
Clarity, peace, serenity
I picked Kansas to be in the final four!
The chorus to The National's "Abel" is "my mind's gnarly", and I won't be convinced otherwise.
i just wanna let it go for the night
Anyone have a place in Venice that needs a housesitter in a week?
Re: I'll go with you!! I'm dieing to see it too.
thanks for the follow...
and yes, this is all I have to talk about in the mid-7th of a 7-2 #Brewers lead...
this too is a warning.... :P
no, not even sure what it is... Sounds like something that would further my disappointment in humanity. >_<
Listening to and are #thingsbetterthanSOPA i love these boys so F*** sopa and ur censorship
Hello , Im curious, my sister is named Kristine Neri, she lives in GA,
Trend today gone tomorrow
W8ing to get NFS Platinum when I get headset, tired of racing for last trophy
And ! RT : Happy birthday !
Eating a healthy Subway sandwich when I really want the greasy DoubleDown from KFC. Damn my body, why can't you handle fat better.
Do you have a great attitude? Are you well-spoken and confident? Then you are the sales consultant we're looking for! Email us your resume.
": ok, stop the tease, spill the beans." Yeah! Give us something here! :)
Almost fell on the guy next to me on te trolley. This day is going to be hilarious.
youu even said it yourself darling, noo need too lie on twitter(:
RT that when you find out ! And a vitamin for alertness. I want to quit coffee :/
That's funny...Maybe, I should worry more about the vegetables that have suffered/sacrificed themselves for my meal tonight?
Seriously. RT : ! Fix your audio!!!
mom. if I can't get my skinny jeans off, I doubt a rapist can.
victoria secret <3
- I remember seeing the video for "Spanish Sahara" and being entranced by the images & sound.
what a show! thanks #ABQ. stay tuned for more 2011 dates!
Cameroon pres elections holding Sunday, October 9. About 21 candidates running against incumbent president
realizing i have horrible posture when i'm in my office desk chair. now that i'm 32 i really do have to work on these things.
": Why is monday so far away from friday, but friday is so close to monday!!!??"
oh ok..you didn't miss anything b/c it was a flashback episode to the very beginning when she 1st started plotting her revenge
I think when there are widely available pictures of you doing keg stands in your underwear, you kind of accept a success-free life.
Im pretty sure Sopo rec will be open at 3 today
Cardiology deals with the diagnosis and treatment of various disorders of heart and blood vessels.
Ah, note to self: Facebook is not the place to be dramatic. Professors begin to ask questions then.
You know what the most expensive part of shopping on-line is? Shipping charges! We don't have any! http//www.sharperdefense.com
I'd say PDX weather is a little schizo in the Spring. :)
come to MOA
Just ate my weight in !
You suck. Can't display a pic.twitter image natively in android app, click link, get mobile twitter sign-in, lose URL!!!
where what
Thanks all who attended PerformanceAnxiety @ CultureFix! We had a great turnout & an amazing night! Look forward to seeing you again soon!
we are pretty bad about that...
You have to turn your talents into profits
It has been a long 10 months but I am proud of myself. Celibacy looks good on me. Continuing to move forward...
#e2conf: "If you don't have an enterprise-wide collaboration system, how can your employees effectively use social media externally?"
Thank you David, we're pretty excited about it too!! :-)
yall wanna go watch the playoff games with me??
One of the smoothies here is called Hangover Healer
#RG3OverLuck Drew Bledsoe was a guy who could make all of the throws and look where his career ended up. He's got that Killer Instinct!
people these days
RT : Just left the studio with my niggas and workin on some heat!!!!
today only comes once
Bale hails from Wales
what type of photography?
NFL seriously considering discontinuing its pro-bowl game, which is usually played in Hawaii. Discussions continue w/ NFL Players Assoc.
My science class is crazy
Now three and counting
how about meeting Thursday after work ?
Boo. (Yeah, I'll admit it) On the plus side, I now no longer watch the CW, which is probably healthy. RT : The CW cancels 'Ringer'
true love is like ghosts,which everyone talks about but few have seen it
you're a joke
Did u get an answer? I can only see the parts of the conversation from the people I follow. So I can c u, but not Tracy.
wrapping up a great week of boating and hanging with the family. a few more intense wrestling matches with the dog, then flying back to MKE
Had to talk to my siblings about adding MY friends on facebook.
Just got word Jason will be wearing his 3Bet 'Run Good?" shirt at the FT. Hope you RUN GOOD!
Didnt you know ignorance is the "new" kewl lmao j/k Got to love stupid ppl.
Globalnet Telecom.. Bespoke pricing & solutions for any business. Also recruiting Channel Partners throughout the UK. Call: 0844 880 2010
Dating's not about sex? :)
Spending my free day catching up on some crafting. :)
The nuns!
I don't know if there is research on it, but I see it as true. "Good job!" doesn't come out easily.
follow me, I'll send u a DM with my txt
Do you need to "Cure Your Male Pattern Boredom"? Visit www.machorhino.com! (via )
Happy St. Patty's Day everyone! Slainte!
Woot! Deal! :-) Happy birthday to you!!
": My dad's wearing a snapback..what a steezer lol" Suegro got swag, what you talkin' bout! Lol
I want this relationship to last .
Models finally casted!!! Show on Wednesday! It's bout to go off!
So, tomorrow is FRIDAY!
Be better than me.
lucky you :/
It's worth pointing out again. is less interested in truth than I am in brussel sprouts
Nothing is fool-proof to a sufficiently talented fool.
Ugh that's the worst. Good luck!
Amen RT : reminder to sport management students: You can't degree yourself into a job, and there is no substitute for experience.
would be a sweet matchup. We'll see if the Fly Boys can get past GW on Tuesday. You know how they fare against bad teams
Veteran Day Special - All Top Shelf Strains @ $35 an 8th: Purple Rhino, Alaskan Thunder Fuck, Sour Diesel, Lemon Diesel, Island Sweet Skunk
no worries ill keep them safe.
Enjoying an 80-degree day in beautiful Lake Forest. Many great patriots here.
So much homework I have to do, but I don't feel like doing any of it..
you already know!
thanks! I appreciate the follow
congratulations ahead of time!!! Enjoy every second of YOUR day. It goes by so fast!💐
WHYGO Automates 1100 Public Video Conferencing Rooms Worldwide - San Francisco Chronicle (press release)
Yes sir! Next time you're down you'll have to grab a plate! :)
yep that sign screams virginia alright...
no worries! will have the archive up soon, Cheers!
Blah, I'm bored I need people to text me (:
I believe it gives them false hope in many cases."you let me go, but you want me in network?"
“: No matter how hard I try, I can never look at you & pretend like I feel nothing. <3”
Have 3 kittens that are so little they still have umbilical cords attached. Animal control was gonna euthanize them. They need homes. HELP!!
tell your friend veronica, it's time to celebrate
That's a good one, I always teach it in first-year comp. classes.
CG will have to be closed today...back tomorrow at noon!
Apparently, they rig up a radar system that brings in the whole "A-2...miss" thing too.
A guy who's the triple threat #SomeoneIWantToMeet (;
Missing my sisters and and karla hurry up and,come home dang!
So today I learned a teacher in my school has a brother that is going to be one of the opening acts for One Direction…
lmao, you aint never lied... And Marcus, who says he never sent that message he thought I was trying to leave him alone
Pepsi free? #bttf RT : up can't give you a tab until you order
yea, pre 27, the east was not stacked? im talking teams, not individuals.
I'll be there RT : The Ronald McDonald House of Indiana hosts Swing for the Kids at Broadmoor Country Cub, tomorrow
Will buy but only if you promise to use the 5 bucks to buy a Cinnabon. Btw, great interview on NPR.
Our biggest enemies are the neoliberal tendencies within ourselves. Kill the wanna-be Hollywood mogul in your head.
Northway usually. Big, Bright, Shiny. Any of them are fine.
No hahaha. We never talk lol.
Rocking the shades
Sex. In America an obsession. In other parts of the world a fact.
They need to be happy he's alive! Forget rushing him home
So, 3 different pizza places just showed up at our house, none of them were ordered by us. Who did it hahah.
I can’t wait to see how terrible and pixelated the entire Internet looks on the new retina MacBook Pro.
So naughty....
go to bed!
Hi Kurt - thanks so much for your RT! Hope all is well & you & your family are staying dry here in Austin.
Today, thus far: rain, sleet, rain-snow mix, snow-rain mix, sleety snow, snow. Enough!
So im an hour off schedule. Didn't get the memo
to me, db is step in interpreting evidence, by cataloging, regularizing, relating it.
Thanks! Followed you back. Happy Tuesday. :-)
We are what we repeatedly do. #Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit- #Aristotle - make #healthyliving a habit
Or Roots
Please follow me!:) We are waiting for you and Austin will come to Chicago!:D
#sca2012 Good morning. SCA session on digital curation: here's Heather Yager, Computer History Museum, on selecting open-source software.
- I've been a Trekkie since birth (I never had a chance). It's so close... I'll have to visit the Twin Peaks locations soon.
well there went an hour and a half my employer will never get back
Remember that awesome speech made at Sundance a couple years ago? Anyone know how the distribution of RED STATE is going?
Dang proved me wrong huh boo! Everyone give minaj_stan a round of applause twitted him!
lucky you, would you had got in trouble?
the Frankenstein ish ones?! I wanted those, but we were to broke at the time.
Happy Birthday...have a good one:)
sounds good, Gallery Hop is on that Saturday too, we could promote heavily on High St
She can love you good but I can fuck you beta...
No judgement here! People who don't like mayo just say that because they don't want to sound 'fat.' EVERYONE LOVES IT.
I'm not sick. I feel perfectly fine.
Just finished talking to my mom on the phone. Another ca-razy saturday night in our world!
have fun buddy!
got a gun?
You're looking sunny,
Sorry Guys not the real PacMan just a fan!! Follow the real pacman I'm just a fan guys!!
RT “: For another great chat, will be joining #shiftingthemonkey chat on his book tomorrow at 9cst #educoach”
I thought it was an awesome show live. I actually thought there was a chance Cole had the belt won in the main. Great match.
The reNEWBOLD project page is officially ready for tomorrow's launch. Going to pass out now.
"so far as we know the entire benefit of dietary fiber comes through it's conversion to short -chain fats by probiotic gut bacteria"
Twelve hrs shooting .... Tomorrow twelve hrs again .... I'm beat :-(
All day! RT : Who wants to see a hilarious blog site for done by your boy? RT if u feel it!
have fun!
Match Rule #8: Don't sign up if you've been drinking.
Cooking channel has great recipes for fun and easy dishes. TWEET ME THEIR RECIPES alton brown
all of u follow me!
Just bought a new bikini top and wedges for Las Vegas next week! , ,
thanks for the #FF :-)
Lookin for Boone Pickens @ the #BedlamBaseball game. Gonna ask him if I can tie my wiener shaped banner to his G6.
RT : Gonna have a long ass day tmrw
ya just one sec
RT : I really should be studying right now. Whoopss
"Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great." John D. Rockefeller
#WeWillAlwaysSupportYouAustin I Will Always Support You Austin<3 never forget that your mahomies love you and will never give up on you:)
Samee here ! /; RT : I need to see my baee asap:/
#NowPlaying - Missy Higgins - Don't Ever
I need cable lol
Thanks Brian...Cheers!
"101" also looks like a herd of dalmatians.
“: We're looking forward to seeing everyone tonight !!” me too!
I do now thanks to
Hi Michael, thanks for the #FF mention - I hope you're doing well!
Get these fuck boys off the court
legit video
Oh ya lol he's the alpha now!
I MEANT "why didn't you say HI to us?" And thus ends my attempts at witty replies to others' tweets.
I haven't taken a nap in forever!
what would your song be?
Hoping the Coyotes tie this series up tonight.
Well tell me then
See everyone tonight at my Presidents Reception! www.chesapeaketech.org
who Courtney?
Awesome!! I'm glad you had the chance to experience it and you found it amazing. Hope you share your experience with others.
So far so good. Only feel slightly dirty.
I trust people if they don't give me a reason not to buy once my trust is gone theres no way in hell to get it back
This #pencilchat is seriously funny. Check it out!
images + lots of contrast, convert to 1px by height, look for bits that are black, those are your images. ewlarson
: nothing. I haven't knitted or crocheted in weeks. I have little to nothing left.
RT #nmsplc "If you don't know a subject you can't teach it. If you aren't a content expert the equation doesn't balance." Craig Barrett
If Brown stays right he'll keep tea party happy but no one else. He said he'd be independent - not just a NO.
It's in those moments God corrects you.. you're Instantly Humbled.
See you in a few. I'm changing shoes.
and I have a table outside!
Grab Bag Sale continues! Just realized how much great stuff we are basically giving away! Ops ;)
now he is howling
#progressparty hosts inc +Neil,Fallon,Laura&James Z
PVK throws down an awesome 400im tonight. Love it when the guys race off events and kick some ass in the process.
Be extra creative and extra vigilant to keep up with tech in the coming year. Play and explore. -
Glad to hear they liked the demo! It rocks bro!
Seth is anxious about going to Texas tomorrow for the Dylan #Ratigan show to talk about #Wevegottimetohelp. He will do great!
sweet! Let me know and I can meet you for ones without the service charge!
Marriage is a beautiful thing! Congrats to the newlyweds Robert & Ariana Garcia!
Your Stupid Game Addiction Earned Zynga $321 Million Last Quarter
Pukka's love tea..rose, chamomile,lavender.yum
SNOW 2.0 Investments in the biz: Personnel, data centers, #cloud ops, cloud architecture,
how did you like the fencing show?
We graduate in 21!
Get On Fb Little One
Woke up to the message I was not looking from her
Trust the boat that knows the ocean.
80 cappers with wk FB plays posted so far with cons sount up but not listed yet. Bigg FB Sat coming and will have consensus plays posted
Commencement wknd at ! Congrats all! Shout out to my seniors! It has been a privilege. See you later!
Thak you so much! Support greatly needed.
Niggas be lying over that petty shit.
i'm not spending any money tomorrow!!! i'm done will anyone be in the I'M #OCBound !!
Who"s the big winner tonight ?
Love a #naturist special getaway 4 nights $399 visit us
Odd, I did yeah... I will have another go at it. The email on your page, right? Maybe Andrew doesn't like my gmail account?
scared to death that John Cusack is supposed to save us all from oblivion in 2012! What happened? Wasn't Bruce Willis available?!
Woah... Julie can sleep tweet...
And you could have just gotten me a ticket to each of those places... Would make my year! or Life!!
Hey roise whats up with ur show on own did they cancel it or r u on vac please tell me u r coming back on???
I should watch #Glee right when I wake up everyday...sets the right tone.
#Imagine Justin brings Pattie on stage & he sings Turn To You on the Believe Tour. Beliebers will flood the entire arena with tears. THIS (:
can be such a b**** and I love her for it.
Back to learning about Compass Learning Odyssey. Will I be able to use this in my classroom?
I was just thinking about that, but I have no idea .__.
Just got the first shipment of supplies for Warped tour!! Cant fucking wait!!! -G
The English destroyed a Paspahegh town in August 1610 and executed Wowinchapuncke’s wife and children.
On The Menu: Salsa
just found the kittens!
Agreed, one of many players who connecs w/ fans thru social media. 130+ guys on Twitter!
Twany in the first half?
False alarm. Show tonight cancelled.
you should go to the chocolate factory hey
Not ready for state tests; ESPECIALLY math -_-
Finish watching Yankees game with grandfather! :)
I went to his office and he was there lol. We talked for a min and he gave me a book on the HIstory of Rock n Roll
Oops was she talking to me? Earphones are in babygirl :)
oh oh ... >> hides vintage Blackhawks sweatshirt <<
over the summer you will never be at your house- it will be great XD
"Happy Monday" is an oxymoron like American Education.
Today is the day of the #sls12! Yes, there will be awesome speakers. Yes, there will be great panels. Yes, it will be epic.
lol that's funny man
I appreciate your tweet and attention, MPSE!
if i were to see you in public, what should i do? lol
Love that three of the best women journalists are right here at home
feel better
Send my best to Jo'burg/Jozi/eGoli
That I Don't Care Look People Have In Pictures<<
grl.! The next few wks should b interesting
looks so delicious! Can't wait to try it.
we did good we won! but it was so hot everyone was like passing out it was scary haha. hbu?
Galileo at Csc w f Murray Abraham is just brilliant.
I miss Maxx
#edumooc3 like the live panel but wiah the webinar (Elluminate?) screen was more visible
m chantrel mushroom bisque. i'll be going on a run tonight...
Congratulations to all the students that walked today! #HookEm \\m//
lmao I knoo! U had them white ppl in front of us weak
Thanks bro! “: hell yeah brotha ill b watchin here on internet!”
Best conference ever attended: 1st International Small Giants Summit in Konstanz, Germany. Great sessions. Great parties.
Who just saw our Big mac McDonald's commercial featuring old school hip hop during the Bears game? GO Bears and Happy Holidays!
Lemon layer cake is so scrumptious with 7 minute frosting. A true lemon curd makes the best filling. Happy birthday!
$10 free gift card with purchase of every $25 card you buy! The holiday gift everyone will love ~ today only!
Good News: We have four more SloPig tickets to give away! We'll post a new question at 4 p.m. today.
Nah I'm good.
Yeah most likely. I think they open 1/2 hour earlier last week of month!
... eh, he was okay. Nothing spectacular. Hes a fucking bum tho obviously.
what are the pros to it?
hahahaha okay sounds like a plan!!! Lets do this! Lol
I repeat....why is Jefferson in the game?? Lee won the first game. Give him a shot!
Getting ready to start my session on Games in 101GH. Quite a crowd already!
At Al's Den tonight for some music from Lewi Longmire. It's great to put the spotlight on all the great talent here. Live on KGW.
#ThingsTwitterDoesntCareAbout School!!! RT If you hate when ppl tweet about ppl at their school that you don't even know!!! (Follow Me!!!)
isn't that normal? RT : #shehechat so room full of people to talk to at #amcchicago and I'm sitting in the corner with my phone. :)
bless you!
Going to see Hanna with my step-mom. The last film she saw in a theatre was Vanilla Sky.
I'm single and chillin' and y'all lonely and stressing.
Hey there
and more taking the same emt and my English. Start the intermediate and all the bios next term
Romney's secretary of state will be Jesus, the secretary of defense will be a Jesussaurus Rex, the secretary of commerce a Mr. Fig Newton
Hail storm in Denver right now... Crazy
Google+ Hangout! RT : Let's all Skype While Tweeting #foodiechats A8 #foodiechats That Ways we All Dine Together!!
RT : Just an FYI: The "news" of a contract extension for Ohio State's Gene Smith is from a release from October of 2008.
Went from sea level to 6700+.Forgot it makes you suck wind.SO my golf game isn't what it should be.OK, it never is, but now have an excuse.
Votto getting walked like his new contact deserves.
Face your problems. Don't facebook your problems.
