Oh, I like her!!!!!! She's lovely!!! Thanks Sahota! :B
I'm Hype birthday in 8 more days (:
come out & PLAY KICKBALL on picture day tomorrow 6:30 Bryte Park! RT if you agree NFL legend Del Rodgers should join!
Absolutely blown away by our team at !
Couldnt have had a better night:)<3
we had time against us and miles between us
And I just took that last thing. Cc
Understandable, considering the imagery. Still shuffling mine...
Wow today I regretted telling that one person but this post makes it all better(:<3
Hot. Sticky. Monsoons. Lightning. Thunder. Yep, officially summer time in North Florida. (thankful it held off until after #theplayers)
son! when u showed me that subliminal line i couldnt believe my ears! thats real talk!
bad day fishing is better than a good day at work.
Dude. Just saw you were following me. Welcome to the twitter thingy. Hope you and yours are good.
thanks for the follow! Love your words of inspiration.
I changed my name to support Elise!
Im in the mood for a hotdog.
That he did exactly what Jermaine Dye did and Dye only got 2 games?
One Sunday Morning
I really wanted to make a GPS joke but gave up after 30 seconds of thinking. Well done.
Cody Ross is the clean up hitter for the Red Sox tonight. Wow. From Manny in 2007 to this...
Have a great time playing with Gray tonight. He may be the coolest thing ever. These kids learn SO fast!
-hey, imu too
thank you, well, talking about garnish cheeses, although queso fresco is more common.
New post on quick, intense, and efficient workouts coming shortly
What the heck is wrong with facebook? Why can't I log in?
That's a homer. Clear as day.
For this Morning i Finshed another 3 Chapter Short Story Called Though You are Lost. Though now it's another Day wow!!!
nice! Glad it worked out
unfortunately, yes.
awesome can't wait for the Cleveland show man, thanks.
I see no snow
Chances are good the #Mariners will lead the AL for 2nd season in row in low-score Ws & Ls.
Surprisingly mine is still around over a year later
#NOIData - Bill Russell: Identify support via party, NCEC Data, models, support IDs, demographics from polling. Transfer data into actions
Just rocked a 6-3 win at indoor tonight!!!
add/like Western Scene...
I always send my baby the cutest goodmorning texts <33
Oh no! what's wrong with the pup??
Wendy Williams said Pooch & Tia won't be on the Game next season 😳
PFR not close
Hockey! Hockey! Hockey! $10 tickets to Saturday's Indy Ice game! Proceeds go to Indy Reads (when you buy from us). Call 275-4040 for tix
Watching fresh prince cuz it's the shiznit
When a song actually tells a story >
Somebody better follow me right now damnit!!!!
thank U 4 showing me love my Brother! Right back @ U FAM.
What happens on YouTube stays in Vegas.
Currently down 10-5 to Time to make a comeback lol
Awesome! We're in my room. Door's unlocked. you come too!
#ThingsIONLike girl who claim they gt high standards but mess wit a dude that treats them like quenns lol wats wronq wit em
Hunger Games & Twilight obvs should of won but kids don't read that so diary of a wimpy kid won.
I say nay. Not even for the violence, but for the subtleties -- miss those, and it's a book about kids killing kids.
should Awards a grant of $2000 to help small business owners develop businesses. We need help to hire people
coming along :)
Back in the trap lml
do I?
Great calls with Strategy Financial Group, Filmetrics and Waffil today. Really cool clients. Makes me guilty to take days off at beach!
HEY! RT If you include a middle initial, You're 99%more likely to be a douche-> Are you ashamed to be a 99% er?
fun! i'm getting over this horrible cold so have a lot of catching up to do :/ it's sunny though so i'm not complaining!
I changed it. thanks man.
Thanks for the awesome breakfast and great speakers. Be a choser!
America lost a truly remarkable WWII vet today. My husband's 92 grandfather died. A strong, kind human. The best of the best? Yes.
I REALLY want austin to clear this up. He NEEDS to come online and explain EVERYTHING.
RT My friendships are based on can we get money together if u can't then we can't b friends ! U gotta have that appeal
if you're interested, you can find him here
the #bruins lost ...oh well. #NFLDRAFT starts tomorrow, best weekend of the year.
Thurminator, you talk to Mario Williams at all this week? or did Jimbo hog him?
No bbq 4 u!
That's the exact same thing I said! ": omg so jealous. Mars Volta >>>>> Soundgarden though"
Hello DC!
THIS: “He slept curled against her back, a dark comma against her pale elegant phrase.” - A. S. Byatt
Sad about NC. But glad used Kim Kardashian 72-day marriage vs. a gay couple together for 20-years example, why does it matter?
My mom needs to keep her word. Don't say you're gonna do something if you're not going to. -.-
I don't need to hope anymore because I'm tired of being disappointed
Save an additional 20% off ALL sale items! Use coupon code: EXTRA when you checkout. Don't miss out on this big sale going on right now.
Jesus You are Lord of all! :)
Tablet is sugary and crumbly, not creamy and chewy.
Glad to hear!
I sure you will rock the runway!!
Wud up tweeps its #CincoDeMayweather weekend be safe and enjoy the festivities
ohh I see...well my internet on my computer is a tweak so :/
Checked out the page. Sounds interesting, very interesting! Who are you trying to sell this to? Ford? Chevy? Tesla? VW?
bite your tongue sir.
We have lost one of the greatest visionary and creative geniuses of our time today, RIP Steve Jobs
This one girl gave me a hug out of no where. Smelled like kiwi(:
Coldplay.... Your new tracks are weak
s/o to the profs. who have to read a million papers, correct a million exams and get grades in like tomorrow lol
please follow me please me please please
hi my name is Allison and I'm going to bed crying because Madison DMd everyone back but me.
Just sent my second check of the year to Planned Parenthood. What are you doing for reproductive rights and health?
this friday, lets turn up
I'm tweeting when I shouldn't be.
lmao The Edge of Glory is about edging right?
ahh, wish I was going. I had to back out of GDC this year :(
“: RT if you use a blow dryer, curling iron, or flat iron on your hair.” flat iron!
I don't remember you being a cheerleader?
Let me know which you like?
Coach Tortorella - "If we’re tired this time of the year, there’s something the matter. We still have a month to play."
Can I see your syllabus for this class by any chance?
(c) and i bought ONLY 2 tickets for me and my friend and she is 14 and by the time of the concert i will be 14 to so idk
Glad all you Paul Martin haters refused to challenge me on asking why you hate him so much. Proves you don't know a goddamn thing.
Every minute I spend reading about someone elses success is a minute that *I* am not being successful.
Unless I feel like I really fucked up, I don't kiss ass to no one.
Glee is number 1 on TV Shows <3
When the heck do we get our yearbooks
Chatting with another location about food allergies
#ItsInsaneHow fashion could make people pass up there soul mate.
Like Chandler Jones go up and get by #Patriots. They needed youth to replace a lot of pass rush production with this versatile end
The Giants are out of challenges, amongst other things!
No thanks
Ok what are you referring to? :-) the google doodle?
#Top100Lies "I'm fine"
What is your take on this whole NICKI MINAJ and LIL KIM beef?
Pizza boy must have eaten the veggie pizza I sent to! Sorry, dude. ;)
fun night with !(:
I'm not one to take up too much couch time...I'm a bed girl :)
steel design is a sucky bitch....
Thanks for the shout last week - sold it!!
happy birthday bony tony!
what up Jerzzzzz
Detroit WIN Opening Day 3-2 thanks to a bases loaded Austin Jackson single in the bottom of the 9th! is back!
good luck Jim!
He's gotta camp, but I think he ends up at OSU.
I'm from Edmonds. You?
you forgot to mention they did this all at 830am. Lol
Thank for all for the comments and likes. Please reshare if you can or invite your friends over. Thanks again
Happy Mother's Day Mommy!! I Love You!
I've been told I'm dark and fizzy too! :-p
"slizzard" is one of 's favorite new words.
alas, we are closed Tuesdays! Does another day work?
glad im got ma car cause it showed the fakes from.the real
I should prob never have kids. Today Show story abt kids gettin high on hand sanitizer & my first thought was "does it work?"
Cheers party planning committee !
la people bitch too much about people saying this isn't a hockey town...well I can see why they are so unwelcoming
I'm a lone wolf. I need me time. Clinging just makes me want that person around even less.
Just paid my speeding ticket. $161. Ridiculous. No one goes the "speed limit" downtown. Careful, everyone, on Broadway. It's 30mph, not 45.
Got a tip for a dance audition that fits in a tweet, what is it?
We're still setting up. Check back 2p.
btw is that u in your profile pic?
Should I be concerned that my doctor gave me a steroid to take that they give to animals... Including horses?
Planing on not missing one bell of school until its over
If someone doesn't let me out (DAD) I'm going to take my morning poop in the living room!
Those were definitely some parties. Very intimate vibe. We're only moving forward - and hope you're along for the ride!
I love your cute voice, I love your hugs, I love your kisses but most importantly i love you <3
I know you're not. Too much stress is not good. What degree are you working for? Have I asked you that already?
I changed it using the twitter app... if I use tweetcaster I'm gonna have to crop out ur logo to make it fit
But you went away, how dare you, I miss you.. 
Checked #gameofthrones out of the #library! Psyched to start reading it!
He will turn it back on..He keeps saying that he is looking out for her but not the way someone that doesn't care
I'm headed over there tonight.
Yes, wisely and wildly spent! MT : More public investment would be nice too MT
Master of the mix launch party @ Club Amnesia.. Free mixed smirnoff drinks!
Crying like a baby as the eighth banner drops at Rupp!!!!
fine. Not that there's anything wrong with that.
Well done is better than well said. -Benjamin Franklin
I Believe I Can Fly - I Believe I Can Touch the Sky
it's only 7:00 and I feel tired as fuck.#imgettingold:(
how's closing?!?? loll
Just changed my twitter password. I am not trying to get a free ipad.
nah dawg not yet
Just finished delivering ours...thank heavens, it's over! =)
btw, I smashed that food yesterday. Damn! And why don't u show ur smile on here? I seen it, you should showcase that.
In other news, I am in serious need of a haircut and a shave.
are you in south florida?
Just had an awesome lunch at Chuy's with my oldest friend in the industry. Now it's girl time with my best friend. Great Saturday!
Thanks so much for the support Robby. You rock!!! I hope you still keep up ur drumming :)
Nothing to lose,but everything to gain.
I need to keep up with times with all this new technology! Never knew how far behind I was til listening to the lectures
talking about covering Japanese earthquake w/ cell phone & netbook.
A tip of the cap to you, Brian Matusz
Smelly feet normally stem from too much perspiration mixed with bacteria. Drysol may help to control excessive moisture/odor.
not if he's dea...I mean yeah that's fine!!
Now that's a career change RT Dr. Suess wrote X-rated adult books before writing children's books.
Wholly smokes! THIS IS IT! :-D
I dislike when people make up excuses that only make sense to themselves....
=QUESTION= What types of deals, contests, prizes, etc. would you like to see from us now and in coming semesters? Comment and let us know!
Trying to be good this week, but 1/2 price appetizers all night at and CAPS tonight! Must resist!
Democrats that defect from the President's position on not building the Keystone Pipeline are in danger of getting hosed by their own party.
Three focal points: educate, income, and health.
Special thanks to my friend JD for supporting the book and the gifts she sent me from London & Paris.
Prayers go out to the loved ones of Joe Paterno RIP
See ya Tuesday. We are exhausted!
Groce's best player DJ Cooper is from Chicago, he also helped Ohio State land Evan Turner from Chicago....certainly knows that state
I was told the same thing. I said "You're about the tea; I'm about the cookie."
No. You didn't see the whole thing.
LOL that he did!!!
sorry about that! I must go public! I'll do it in a minute. : )
it's about time u twitted me back! I miss u
It's hard to "HUMP" with a thrown out back but I'll do it for you! : ) HUMPS! xoxo
gym time!
Girll i most defly is r ??
Heard a story today of older Professor who has admin print off all emails then Prof dictates replies for each email for admin to send.
But you're a strong finisher!!!!
That's another great reason to know about you..If I can figure out this tweeting thing, I'll retweet your stuff..Gotta learn
Well, what are you looking for? :)
lol yea i did
apparently, you can't go very far without an alternator. and i always seem to find the most inconvenient turn lane to become disabled in.
And until hubby gets home I am going to piece together some mug rugs and quilt the place mats I am making for my sister.
If people only knew what was playing in my headphones while working out...
Happy Birthday to one of my fave football players of all time !!
when ur parent makes up lyrics to ur favorite song just so they can try and sing it with you in the car and its so annoying
: I would rather have eyes that cannot see; ears that cannot hear; lips that cannot speak, than a heart that cannot love. <333
picking on the defenseless, battery-dead?
Can't sleep.
Thanks for the follow! Where are you located? Please let me know how we may be of service. ~Linda :o)
Leonardo Decaprio was a babe when he was a teenager (: haha
I'm just going to say it: I *love*
« let yo next move be yo best move»
The only limits to the possibilities in your life tomorrow are the buts you use today
Missouri ruined my bracket but dook losing to a #15 makes it all worth it.
Say it's not so! cc: NO how did i not know Betsey Johnson is bankrupt and closing?!?!?!?!?!?
RT So I wonder what the hell is going on, & what Jim Dever is doing w/that chicken. <<<--Chicken?
No tobacco, day 5. .. check. Not too bad...
my grandma was 67 and senile, regardless u need a FURBY
Holy Shit is she kin to Debbie the pet lady?
I'm bored.... (._. ) TODAY IS CINCO DE MAYO THOUGH :D
you wanna be in the in circle so bad
hope this its for reals misses you Artie
Set Of 36 1/8" Crystal Stud Earrings, 18 Pairs, On Nylon Posts In Multi
tell mlb network that thanks
Having dreams about someone who isn't in your life anymore<<< 😔
Are you a Norwegian fisherman?(;
freak'n love!
when are you headin back?
thats right and the boss will make you sleep on the couch
! Happy Opening my friends!! What a talented group and such beautiful people.
At 1st game of the #Mavs playoff series. Go Mavs!!
can you give me the quote for my air?
This bus driver is always so damn early . I have to freakin' run to catch it in time .
on with a photo of George Zimmerman's great grandfather - who is part African American.
Hello and welcome to twitter !
we'll be there soon!
Nah Kris...they cant win w/o Wade..coach/player spats happen here and there. Usually look worse than they actually are
The best advice to give someone is not to be a cliche
I hope I get the little girl I've always wanted (: #GoodLuck .
Pre-battle? Hm me thinks experience and the guy wins, thoughts?
Electron valence levels, dinner, Venus fly traps, Aqua Teen Hunger Force, and more...all in one verse
It's been a great day with a great breakfast, nap and a family bikeride. Now to plow through some writing assignments!
I have deep faith that the principle of the universe will be beautiful and simple.
Up in cali so good to b out here bac to vegas on sat
"There's an old Wayne Gretzky quote that I love. 'I skate to where the puck is going to be, not where it has been.' ...
did he beat the case??
go jets go you beadle pick jets over eagales love michelle
"Yes Kess Express" today's schedule: All welcome to a GO VOTE Rally at Croatian Club 4859 Eoff St. in Benwood from 1-3 pm, then ....
You're fucking #LAME if all u tweet r "Please follow me" & "Please DM me" tweets! If you were truly cool u don't need 2 ask 2 b followed
I think so too,and our blood line also lol
DO YOU WANNA GO TO THIS ASAP ROCKY SHOW IN POMONA? WE HAvE AN $$EXTRA TIC$$! Bring yo ASS To The Glasshouse and hit me!
I thought sushi was nasty, I guess it just depends on what kind you get lol
#3DAYS till naked teeth :) WOO <3 we wont be brace faces together :( BUT OH WELL YEEEEUHHH :)
we're u at nig
This is not real life
yes...just like in 'Tron'...lol
Belvedere's! 80s Night! 's birthday!
TONIGHT! SETTING SUN PART 2: a Broken Glass New Works playreading! See you there! Studio 2G!
Students get 1/2 off tickets at Brewers games on Friday nights? WHY DIDN'T I KNOW THIS EARLIER
hey I just met you, and this is crazy, but here's my number so
im very proud of i love him very much, i hope to be married to him one day.
Maybe I should be bold.. Can't I'm the female..sheet I want you to talk to me about you Not money,fame,or anything else! Just you blue eyes
Gotcha...That's Nathan. He should be back soon. That's my dude.
LOL!! We were just there! Amazing isn't it!!!
Worse lic plate "IMMENUR" WTF dude? Am I missing something...
HAHAHAHA LOVE IT!! glad everyone is enjoying it!
and I close my eyes and I can see a better day I close my eyes and pray I love y'all :)
Your not real you Fucking fake go get a life like for real, is real! And he has a girlfriend and he is not a jerk
looks like we have a case of the Tuesday's over here!!!
Hope you have a wonderful weekend.
I used to spend $45 for 3 CDs at Tower Records. Now I have Spotify on my phone. This is a weird moment.
Put it in neutral and hit the gas!!! Lmao
is on the big screen
Eat ya heart out and
Hi!! RT : in the mix at avant garden this wednesday, then top notch party sat. s/o dj (triple d)
jet set life
The Miz and Dolph Ziggler's entrance mash-up music should be called "Here to Play" or "Came to Show the World". So epic.
MT Judge Reinhardt: only purpose and effect of Prop 8 was to lessen status and dignity of gays and lesbians in Calif
I loved his last line! God IS great!
I sent a letter to the listserve coordinator re #thatdarnlist, first sentence: I find this thread to be completely useless and inane. Snap.
Mac let's not forget so does your music ": real talk! RT “: the business of music sucks.”"
You know you're a huge fan when you get chills everytime her name is mentioned on #ABDC tonight!
RT : The horns in every Chicago song sound like farts. - HA! That band sucked!
Can't sleep. Stress is affecting my health. Going to eat raw today, drink lots of water and have a nice run at lunch. Hope to feel better.
true statement. Not just the Heat, but anyone who plays like they have been, doesn't deserve to win! So Kudos to the pacers
While happy to have an NFL team back in the city, many #Baltimore residents were sympathetic to the rage of #Cleveland #Browns fans.
have you ever tried to laugh without smiling
“: we are going to be old ladys in nursing homes racing wheelchairs #BF4LP” you already know!!!!😜
lol I know right.. So ghetto.. Is this like a retweet or wat n can ppl see this lol
TWO DAY SCHOOL WEEK! :D
Would I be petty to stash this other burger for L8er?! #fuck'em
How is it even possible that Obama is tied with Romney in polls ? Romney should be ahead by a landslide 15+ pts !
Great lunch at ! Thanks go out to Molly and !
REEL INJUN + A GOOD DAY TO DIE are now on sale together for $349 with PPR, $249 without. Email us at to learn more.
I wish DVD manufacturers would always use the same cases, so we wouldn't have to have a dozen kinds of security measures.
and the tent?
that's something I ca Relate to. Sometimes you wish they would go back to not talking. Not often, but sometimes
searching thru craigslist and found a RoN Gronkowski jersey. ha
Oh, that's where you are today!
HI I see you
Want to honor mom on Mother's Day? Call her or pay her a visit & tell her you love her. Buying or wearing something pink says NOTHING.
Today, my office was the clothesline. Tonite, I get ready for a northbound train.
However, there is no doubt that the hidden charges involved in the purchase of replacement supplies will fasten you
candy is sweet lol I was sayin "aw" cuz you miss my giant ass lol
Another performance tonight
ha I showed this to the roommates yesterday, its awesome!
Loving wandering around LA casually mentioning that global warming doesn't exist and seeing the horrified faces of waiters and shopkeepers
If you haven't left for work yet....you're late. What a mess out there!!!!
It's entirely possible the most talked about person at the #natbookfest is that guy with the cat on the leash.
It's a 300 yr-old burial ground. Strangely beautiful, really. You'll have to come visit!
Hahaha!!!! Same here. RT : Zero. Hand me the whiskey.
With all these close calls it makes you wonder how many missed calls there were back in the day.
#wmnldrs Stand on the shoulders of those who came before you
LET'S GO HEAT!
Pilot strike grounds 124 flights Industrial action from Iberia pilots caused the airline to cancel 124 flights, affecting many people ret
Carly, I've been glued to twitter all day watching the stream of
OH!! you mean the stupid bitch, whore, slut, hoe, free ugly ass prostitute? Yeah, she's a retard :]
reply to my text message
No idea, I'm watching a stream. I don't get Fuel TV
My first tweet! :D
Monday Morning News: Jwow and I have something in common :) RT Love watching will and grace in the am
In the business center at the Marriott checking the THATCamp blog ... cuz internet in the room costs $9.95
Few more days until the weekend, can't wait!
RT : ": Very good start for your man " Zuuuuussss.
was reading: "He marveled at her beauty, sensuality and sexuality as she walked from him. He just wished she had done it before they met."
Did you take the time to close your eyes and place your lips to mine?♥
You're amazing!!!
He makes my whole day better.
VAS HAPPENING? heeyy!! you are AMAZAYN!!!! please follow me :) THANKS!! <3 you!
I agree! I need color in my life and white walls make me sad.
Got a full day of painting and drinking tomorrow. Better turn in!
lol no u not
It seems I have a particulary stupid Breitfart commemorating troll/bot that only RTs my insults into it's followers streams.
“: If you want me, show me. If you need me, tell me. If you have me, show me off. If I'm worth it, fight for me.”True tht
Some times you have to step back and say "you win". Turn and walk off with your head held high because you know that you did your best.
be at the football field tomorrow after school. You throw with basler and I'll throw with Bish.
That is awesome! WTG Men!
and if he broke up with selena i hope hes not with some other girl thats just like a no no llol
it's just a gag between us. Random comments keeps her on her toes.
Thank you Tiffany. Ask for me next time you come in so I can come out and say hi.
The joys of living with a significant other will never end.
at least in the mainstream talk ....very true! It breaks my heart!
Do it!
Instead, they pulled their sense of what the 'spirit' of the rule is straight out of their asses, and affected outrage over it.
Unless it is extremely windy O_o
The vinyl buyer at the hvd sq newbury comics really needs to GET WITH THE FUCKING PROGRAM!
naps are my fav
I met Justin's wife today. I tried to say hi to her, but then i realized i was talking to myself.
169 needs to be three lanes!
How did Mattingly handle it last year when Brox started blowing saves? Did he go committee or hand it 2 Guerra
Some people just dont understand when we dancers say that we use hair nets. We're not joking, people...
Thanks! Pop forever!
RT : Amazing that Twitter now gets as many API calls as Google gets searches (both ~3 billion/day according to public statements)
Q4) Planning, analysis, know the audience, be able to press the delete key
But the Less you have, The Less you have to lose...Look On The Bright Side Of Things
Is Megan sad? :(
What do you do when bored?
I'm sorry but physics just does not click with me.
Repairs planned for facade damaged seven years ago
I love Betty White! Bummed that I forgot to record her birthday show tonight, hopefully it'll be on again...
if only i could wear spanx and a sports bra to school...
A tiny five dollars can turn into a big bank account. Get the lowdown by sending an email to
People Be Stupid.
"It's better to refuse than to accept & not go"...African Proverb from Madagascar
Amazing day, so far my spring break has been good af
#belly2 stupid as ever
Every thought is a seed. If you plant crab apples, don't count on harvesting Golden Delicious. ~Bill Meyer
Follow ma promo page for all the latest
Thanks, Darrell. Very kind of you.
Martial arts movie night
Like All The Stuff You Said On Twitter And Then When U Saw Gabby U Didnt Lay An EYE On Her ! Neither Say A Word To Her...
that's all you can do baby!! Keep the grind. Miss you much!! One love
You are saved so don't talk like that! Don't walk like that! Don't try to fit in! YOU'RE SAVED!!!
First rehearsal tonight with our new dancers who joined the company - it should be good!
Yes! That sounds great! I need some pointers. And you need to come and visit. ;-D
Sunburned ... Sad face
yes 2 months I just love birthdays ahaha
Wow. The fufu really sits in your stomach like a brick. Not sure how I feel about Nigerian food so far.
aw me too i was born in december the 1st actually lol
“: I maybe late w/this idea, but have you put your fliers in OBGYN offices? I'm dropping off to mine!” yes we did!
it was amazing :) I loved it lol. I am cold right now D:
she always does that
I'm not Jake T. Austin.
why aren't you gonna be able to go home? :c i'm sorry!
is brilliant in Life's Too Short. kills it once again.
#TU finish the year strong! Focus on the obedience of today to unlock the purpose of tomorrow!
S/O to all undertaker fans be glad to see him in action again undertaker4 ever
I love you and i'm so proud of you<3
Mahomies gonna love :)
the view from this airport is magnificent!
Its much easier to eat a steak with a forkin' knife.....
They lost a package I had coming. Like completely lost it. Matt=pissed
follow me <3
Waste of time!!
oh i don't work for them, so i don't know. I havn't heard anything tho.
note that really got to me. He is a special young man and I'm glad he's my brother.
is so pretty, even wit minimal makeup.
Back in 1996 when the president also believed in #gaymarriage and was in a position to do something about it in IL, what did he do?
to overcome them. Life is beautiful.
MY ALL TIME FAVORITE SONG! !!!!
Good morning everyone!
Teacher sees phone "give it!" girl "no!" teacher "give it!!" girl shoves it down her bra "want it now?!?!?!?"
I just want to tell you how it isn't fair. But then I'd be the bad guy.
RT« good morning I love you.! And hope you have a great day.!»
Mom is paying more attention to her new cell phone then to me....I think I will have to kill it.........snort
Congrats to my boy , he's gunna do big things across the pond
Camilla you lost! They had a plan and it worked LOL karma back at you Lmao #BGC some1 got out smartest just saying
5 months ago i thought being friends with your ex is weird and awkward and i never understood why people did it...i understand now :)
Circulating Ideas podcast: speaks, among other topics, on ebooks, subject of upcoming workshop....
i'm having heart palpitations
We're excited - let us know when it does!
come in for lunch and see me and shannah and Dave
are you reading Critical Path too?
just got back from a morning workout! Feels so good lol gonna wash up and spend the day with family ❤👍
so good to see, along with Springer mashing lately
Nice work, ! Looking forward to working w/ as your director of industry relations & social media
Dont wish to have an easy life, wish to be a stronger person
at the Orpheum
#1111 #MakeAWish #AustinMahone plz look up on iTunes. He is an amazing singer. You'll love it!
We generally change ourselves for one of two reasons: inspiration or desperation.
Do you bring work home with you over the weekend or do you leave it in the office for Monday?
And Arian Foster just bowed goodnight on the Bengals' season..
Could it be... more tracking today!?
Crying just feels/sounds so much better right now.
#showbiz you already know ;) Mkay. I need to get some sleep. Ni-night Mr. The same amount of letters in all of our names. Aha!
#FAIL RT : Loudest cheer of the afternoon just came when Sox recorded final out of inning. Royals scored six runs in the ninth.
thanks dude, it felt pretty solid. Thanks for keeping the conversation in the twitterverse tubes alive.
We loves it! Hope you feel the same about Secret Skwirl. Best & success.
You love "that guy...." tweets haha.... and I only smell of pure goodness, duh
lol pulling an all nighter with my friend because of the hurricane!
I learn so much from my students. Apparently, high school kids still say "your mom."
Thanks! Just relieved it's apparently not my fault. RT : As soon as it's fixed we will let everyone know both here and on Facebook.
Lol trying to guard the Masked Mamba
Ha :P
Don't know if it's the new filters on the left, but Pubmed isn't playing nicely w/ my IE 7. Blah.
New generation is to worried about the colors of their parts. That stem as been one of the best stems I've own.
always so damn hungry... i could use some publix fried chicken right about now. lolol
woohoo! Gonna be epic!!! Stoked to work with you Jenn! <3 so grateful you could join us!
Vegas is not my kind of town,---that'd be Chicago. But still had fun last night.
Many of the people whom I follow have started complaining about Twitter and pondering its purpose. Is this the beginning of the end?
Big #ShoutOut to &
Climb high, climb far...your goal the sky, your aim, the stars.
#SallyAdams- "we create who we are every day" #YPABQ "Lunch With Leaders" sponsored by NM Business Weekly
Another Beautiful Spring day in INDY
Kalamazoo what's going on this weekend?
If you are in Real Estate and on Linkedin, let's connect to network
What war started the tiki craze in Amer? That would b WWII, as correctly answered by , plz DM us ur email!
Came home seeing an empty bag of what used to be sugar cookies. You would think after 15 cookies my dogs would be full
Excited to hear upcoming talk on SUG funded project on research support to historians with and
An ode to on tonight's Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery. And the funniest.
Heated ass fucked my parents are asshole. And should have mrs.wills thrown at them.
Were's my BFF at dead ass
derp. I guess i shoulda stayed in Ohio.
did the dog have a bony spine, horn on nose with thorny tail? That would have been a dead giveaway to the dog-a-saurus breed.
Energizer Bunny arrested, charged with battery
thanks for following! keep us in mind if you want to have a live karaoke band ever... my old bad was at SD HOB weekly all summer
Since Louie and William say "bong" Me and Arii say "get a job"
also, i love the god damn swedes.
Can't even describe how exciting the atmosphere here in New Orleans is. Tigers vs The Tide.
yea probably todayy if enough ppl show up.. somebody hit me up already too hoop today
ANY TIME!
You Only Live Nine Times... If you're
There are times when the simple dignity of movement can fulfill the function of a volume of words. ~Doris Humphrey
San Diego, California Weather :: 67F A FEW CLOUDS: 67F A FEW CLOUDS
heii I am a big fan of them hihi :)
Thanks for hosting today's 10th Anniversary luncheon and for your continued commitment to the women & daughters of
: thank you for your amazing support!
Beautiful day in TN looking at #beef #cattle and visiting with friends
haha I tweeted that yesterday, and it was 2 am, and I thought it was like 8, so my phone sent me a reminder that it's tomtom
thanks for the follow and look forward to working with u!
I think the folks at the National Federation of the Blind have some powerful vision for people who call themselves blind. Thanks NFB!
I want to marry him some day and have his last name..At this point i wldnt have it any other way---ms.williams bitches!!!
I am a half guy until I get it under 2 hours. That will be next year. The energy of 35k people is insane
Started not to give a fuck and stopped fearing the consequence Drinking every night because we drink to my accomplishments
In EMC "Accelerate business with Cloud" with &
Just finished watching Foo Fighters: Back & Forth. My love for Dave Grohl? So, SO big.
don't get me wrong it's a beautiful song.
I drink to make other people interesting. - ""George Jean Nathan"".
Needs a Cuddle Buddy.
My birthday is in 2 days
Thank you Ed!
Llife real complicated rite now but ya boi on his J.O.
Whatever, this weather is PERFECT.
Just watched Raw on DVR. Prediction: Big Show (fired last night), interferes, giving Laurinaitis the win. WWE can't lose top heel.
WarRoomOH: I'm in my own little world, but it's okay, I like it here. Everyone knows me.
All tax credits including homestead are applied before the surtax is calculated.
- true sir! Sorry i missed this, I never got a notification for it. Damn Twitter. Ha!
George Zimmerman is now in police custody.
Time to rest these cords... Need them to be strong 2mo am
The kingdom of God is within you. - Luke 17:21
Truth being brought this mornin' in the church house!
RT Come on New York!! (I hate rooting for them, but I am!)
for how much i only have 300
: A brand new day & a brand new week filled with brand new opportunities & experiences just waiting 2 be taken advantage of.
The best teacher I ever had taught me how to believe in myself!
send a direct message and i'll enter your entry
dude! your email address is spamming me and everyone else! its the yahoo one. I got good news! gimme a call sometime?
: "there are millions of people building the web, but i only have a couple engineers to crawl it."
wheres off season for you?
Everyone is pretty in there own way 💜
cold cold rain
Where can I email if I have a question?
on a plane back 2 MIA 4rm NYC. If we were on the same flight, I would've shared my bag of cookies and cupcakes w u. Bad model!
you should definitely come to Houston it's so much fun! Oh and please follow me?
Ok so I can't believe that there is legit 30 days till graduation! That is four weeks..
Laurie Santos just drew a distinction between "philosophizing" and doing real science... Pilosopher says ouch...
1D Get Naked would like it too much. ha.
We have tickets to our debut Vegas show! June 11 at area 170 with Only 8 bucks! We deliver! RT
awww..you know I love you Joe so much as my beautiful friend from Illinois :)
omg iv'e been 2 crowley b4!! thts so cool!! omg i want to meet u!! lol
THANKS FOR FOLLOWING! MUAH
m rabbit.
Considering this Memphis game tomorrow. Hm.....
Always a good thing to have, great bourbon leads to great ideas!
Last.fm > Pandora
z is gonna be the 2nd black person ever in Kodiak.. (Simon was first)
"Humber? How about Humbest?" Love it!
that isn't even fair! What an amazing shot!
per autograph you are getting
post-partum depression.
is excited for things to come.
Seeing space makes Consciousness want to fill it up with all we've got.
I mean, I sent it out to 12 major TV producers and maybe only 1 didn't get returned unopened. Was an eye-opener.
Opened Tweetdeck, said problem with all feeds. Logged out, now I can't log in. Disabled my firewall, still not working. Any suggestions?
We <3 our followers!
I can take you places you ain't never been before.
We Are Georgetown T-shirt: obviously office appropriate. Hoping to get out of here in time to watch the second half. HOYA SAXA!!!
What have you read lately that caught your attention (about studying in US)? Looking for inspiration today...
#Imagine You: I've heard some rumors about you dating a model... Harry: True. You: Wha-..? Harry: She's talking to me right now.
AWESOME soundtrack
#decalove excited for prelim awards!!
My fave is when the footnotes explain the bawdy references.
You don't seem to be very active on da twitterer lately.... #whaddupwitdat?
#IfITellYou how I feel, would you feel the same way too?
Just talked to a lady with a very thick southern accent. Kind of makes me want to eat at a Waffle House.
I know I got titans with , jets with , iggles with and browns with
You fuggin snore
#astd2012 - "I fail over and over again an that's why I succeed' - Michael Jordan. Basketball reference ... Now your talking my language lol
#schoolmemories flicking off the teacher everytime they turned their back!
follow #ethiosoccer in DC!!!!
Just saying. Sheesh, lighten up
Half Asleep in Poop Pajamas
EVERYONE FOLLOW THIS WISE MAN IMMEDIATELY! RT You are too young/ too handsome.
Startup folk: Do you add your investors to your general mailing list so they get to see emails that go out?
My nephew is lying next to me and talking about all the wonderful things that go through a 5-yr-old's mind.
thanks a lot Taylor! We'd love to see you again next time we come through town. Spread the word to your friends!!
Watching a master teacher using an effective metaphor to teach concluding sentences. We all need more time to observe each other. Best PD.
Life can knock you down, it can break your heart
win the lottery tonight and maybe it'll be possible for you
got a $5 gift card for buying Charmin toilet paper at #target !!! Guess who got a new pair of shoes?
I usually wash my hands b/c I like the scent of the soap, not because I want to have clean hands.
Man living at home is such a drag.
Studio Location Shopping. Excited!!!
Maybe I should hire you to do a website for me....
dissapointed in John Mayer's entire interview not just the N-word and black folks insults
But I digress
Keep it 3Hunna
I just finished a 2.25 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
The #newgirl is my new favorite show!! LOVES IT!
Let's keep the peace Oakland.
Respect used to be a joke when we were all young. And nowadays it seems to be the only thing we seek. Or maybe I'm just speaking for myself.
were u asking me what time it was here? If so, in PA it's 9:29
McGee is one of those dudes who will need to be traded around to be motivated until one vet or coach motivates him for every game
Are they ever gonna kick this retarded idiot Ron Artest out of the league? You can call a foul on this Bi Polar moron every play
The Lakers infuriate me as much as the Pirates. Stop playing down to the competition for once.
I'm actually so bad at graphics it swallows my whole day trying to figure things out.
#FF , a student-led nonprofit that hosted a fabulous event at last night!
Networking Group for Pathways/OI Partners clients meets tomorrow from 9:00-11:00 AM. Topic: "Networking & Personality Type."
of will be leaving the station. We wish him well in Boston :)
HILLARY CLINTON IS SPEAKING AT SYRACUSE ON MY BIRTHDAY
I was JUST listening to that song
thanks, I'm actually focused on creative video projects lately, but I might know some good folks for this
glad you're listening to your body
Hell yeah! And we just may win RT : You're alive! Sugar Bowl baby!!!
The school fair Is actually fun (:
RT : Cat/Dog first aid and CPR course on May 15 at Oregon Humane. Free. Register by emailing
so do I. The best fight the best Oscar fought everyone win or lose.
lmao, that's cute(:
Getting on the road back home soon.
What's up with Blazers? Lose Roy forever due to knee injuries and Odom hurts his knee and is out for the year. Call it the "Curse of Jordan"
After spending most of my first 17 years in dance classes, I'm not sure how I feel about going to a class tonight after a 6-year hiatus.
um have you been to a Bucks & Bulls game?
Several people tweeted the wonders of ALA Mobile Planner, searched twitter for info to dl and found none. Why am I not surprised?
I need that suzie in my life right now
Yikes! Hope all is well.
Doh! Sending password to myself (yes, in the clear) and accidentally cc'd . I'm classy like that.
Well crystal when will you be seeing richard?
...it does change and expand the context he can work within pretty significantly.
Love entered the front door, fear quietly exited the back. - DM
Nope. Same reason. I suppose you're an author like myself
could you please follow me I need more followers
Go ! RT : Listen to radio at 7 pm EST on Guests:
1 lucky family will win a family 4 pack of tickets to at the 2011 SDFE. See you there!!!
WALKING IN MEMPHIS, LETS GO GRIZZLES !
HaHa Jack Del Rio reunited with Drayton Florence
Heading to the Center for to get ready for our opening tonight. Come hang w/ us & see student photography in action! 6:30pm
I'm just one of a million guys watching loving some Zooey Deschanel.
Extreme and profound #beauty induces a feeling of loneliness so hard and tangible.
Jimmy Fallon is slow jamming the news with the president AND Dave Matthews is playing , & I haven't slept in 4 days and MUST. SLEEP.
• You can either watch or listen live, or watch or listen to archived games whenever you want. Games from other years too.
ABC Family totally rocks right now! hearing Dublin, Ireland, and Irish so many times in a row is making my heart hurt
It' a gorgeous day!!! I am enjoying coffee, bagel with Nutella and the scent of lilac. It's lilac season. Enjoy your day & take some water.
And now, I begin to learn this twitter dealie ... Yay, technology!
Recapping the President's plan to pull thousands of troops out of Afghanistan. Watch 19NewsNightcast
Going to olive garden in my dance costume ...
Lopez: "I was remembering just a few min prior to the accident her looking @ me & smiling & I'm thinking I'm never going to see that again."
youre my sister!! youre supposed to answer when i call you 7 times!!! lmao
I have no dog in the fight, I'm a Skins fan and a Falcons fan...but the team with the most BC'ers gets my vote, that's NYG.
Mischlers Florist for the perennial sale. And we'll go to lunch. Flower shopping in cold rain is a bummer! Did that last year!
Leather Feather 6/5 Bottom of the Hill As A People 6/7 Bottom of the Hill
Big jobs usually go to the men who prove their ability to outgrow small ones. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Waiting in the Lobby of to be on with this morning!
RT : 2 entrees and a bottle of wine for $50 at Port of Call every Thursday night!
thank you
Those look delish !!! always loves a tasty little sweet!
Soakn n smokn listening to Pandora :) [Perfect]
back...not bad
I can't wait for the weekend !
lmfaoo, BET YOU HAVE CRABS OR AIDS!!! You know she messes around with her dogs up in her trailer park! lmfao.
I'm at Greenway Pub of that helps. You're the coolest!
now following
What is everyone up to tonight?
we're already following each other
Yaaaay about to board!
God will replace everything you lost. If He asks you to put something down, it's because He wants you to pick up something better.
itz hello I'n my way
I am really going to miss my dads 
just got your message, email is ,do you know anyone with credit card debt, story tonight
What you doing in NOLA? I'm from there, so let me know if you run out of debaucherous things to do!
Nothing can stop a determined heart.
Casa Latino is seeking for agents for south bay....pennisula area.
Tickets to the Aims hotel session with the Silver Sun Pickups coming up next!
I kno exactly how you feel
Travel Tip: If you take your pet abroad, check the embassy's requirements that must be met before a pet may be brought into the country.
Thanks for watching,
You got a Audie. Other than that...?
called hyponatremia (low salt) eat something salty, an hour youll feel better
with strawberries growing on them as mignardises?
... All we need now is a sharpshooting elf and a really pissed off dwarf. well and a few giant eagles.
Just started a new gig Co-workers are nice so far, if a littler taller than my last staff.
Thats how u know faith want it she even rt my tweet lnao
Don't usually pay attention to the NL. There's a dude named Buster on #SF ?! Hoping his real name is Byron, a la
What does that even mean? I just want some chocolate.
For good luck, Egyptian women pinch the bride on her wedding day. Ouch!
thunder/nuggets would be interesting to watch...youth vs youth
Our student book review blog is motivating our 5th graders. They've reviewed 150+ books so far & I buy those they recommend
Working out the kinks on our website so we can bring you even more great deals. Thanks for your patience!
#MostOverratedMusicArtists one Direction. Theres plenty more male groups... They just arnt obsessed over by the mass 12 year old girls.. Smh
Dropping people from FB's nice. Think of it as getting rid of crickets...or cockroaches.
Bomb Queen cosplay coming via a friends suggestion
Best baseball game ever? Bring on Game 7!
Hi everyone! If you participate in #gsmc remember it stands for Global.Social.Media.Chat. There is another 1 floating around, that is NOT us
Men plz remeber: DON'T DO THINGS IN THE BEGINNING THAT UR UNABLE TO DO TIL THE END
Too far, lol.
This is why I hate shopping with her.
so whens this wine/blunt nightt we always talk so highly about
I'm about to cry this isn't even funny -.- I love him so much..
If you can't win, quit like I do
Rumors true: Clooney was at WH lobbying the President on Sudan this afternoon.
Get your tushie out here!
I'm watching but prolly same. Think people could make bank with in/out quick. Even after IPO. Remember when yahoo was good trade. ;)
It's Monday, what 2 steps can you take today to move you towards your goals? Yes, only 2. Keep it simple, avoid overwhelm.
when libraries are taken down, their states fail with them
I've accomplished my job as Master Pot Stirrer today. I'll probably regret this decision!
Check Out Fresco Fay On Sound Cloud....Debut Album Coming Soon!!!
oh boy
I know! I think my mom attracts them. she once watched a bowl of salad fly off her counter when home alone...
Yes, I am, crazy week for me....how was yours?
oh the things I gotta tell u gurl that be goin downs lmfao.
I want a tumblr; so I'm going to go make one.
My back hurts, my neck hurts,y calve hurts....... :|
carson daly? RT Still thinking about the Carson special from last night... If you haven't already, set your VCR's.
do you know how long it is? maybe i'll do it in parts. its just my internet is insanely slow and i dont have the patience,
Listening to Albioni....
We need a written assurance from Enda Kenny that our CT rate will not change
Yeah, especially since it's usually a wasted exercise
Paddycake, Paddycake, baker’s man, Bake me a cake as fast as you can! In addtion to cakes, we've got brownies and blondies for only $1 each!
Y'all ever just knew somebody did some shit, but you can't prove it. But there's little to no doubt about what's going on.
so is it gonna happen??
I just hope they understand before anything im a man.
Tomorrow we will be making a very important announcement...life changing...life is powerful
Thank you 4 helping
Sending chocolate because you can never have too much!
if only there were still men like Noah in the world
O another game 7, Grizzlies & Clippers who we got
Need a big night from the
I hope you do too!
To get a letter, write a letter.
cool story, bro. tell it again.
If we show up, is that stalking?
are LOSING. missed the session :/
Also, the house band at 's event is killing it. Manu chao, outkast, nate dogg, and a great snoop cover.
Inland Empire African American Redistricting Coalition is presenting Assembly districts
May 13 - 19 is honored as National Women's Health Week.
i dont need to cuz mines made tht much in one day. Now whos in beast mode? #Mr. Wiggles
Trucks should not have spoilers.
#NeverShouldYouEver make your girlfriend/boyfriend feel like that have competition.
That lady is beast on keys!
would you renew your season tickets for next year if it's like this season?
Don't you mean .... it WILL be? <dun dun DUH>
We're are going to continue giving away free stickers if we can help get donations to cover the costs!
There are few players in baseball I dislike more than Reed Johnson. If he would have scored, I'd have been pissed.
follow bAck
NBA finally catching up to the NFL with stylish fan apparel
Does anyone know any good tubing spots?
Jersey shore, VMA's, Kardashians, on the couch, don't bug me.
i think getting your tweets 2 my phone is amazing! #FollowBack? <3
what would you like to know about the tournament?
just a quick chat (skype?) to get your perspective on the site. do you consider yourself a fan?
yep, come on in!
of course I understand u! I know how hard it can be to study a foreign language!! Yes it's so great I always enjoy it :)
Happy holidays from all of us at Critical Exposure.
Thank you for the follow! Love that your coffee can change lives!
"Sunny, one so true,we love having you." Thank you for the truth that you bring
is so based.
“Media studies... are central to our early 21st century world. New knowledge is emerging.” via Dr. Bernard Luskin,
lol 17 bro time to smoke weed
Cool dad. Got me a whopper for lunch. I may die.
It look so nice outside but the sky looks scary..
why has no one asked if is willing to change his # again? Ben Uzoh is wearing 6 for the
the kind of love Stefan and Elena have together only grows stronger,please tell me Elena will soon show her love for Stefan soon?
RIP Les Paul
Cause you're a freaking ninja!!
Somewhere in Stillwater, Keiton Page is wondering why #Lin couldn't have "turned it up a notch" against the
with such a mild winter, do you think it's going to be another crazy hot #summer?
Just created an account, can't log in. Reset the password twice, no go. What to do?
I've been training muay thai about 1.5 years now. I joined my gyms fight team last week, and looking at a fight in July.
love your songss!!! and please follow back
Feeling funny today.
Wish the #bruins could save some of this awesomeness for the stretch.
Brainstorm: bring the Council's reading & discussion programs to NYS penitentiaries! Could call it "Prose & Cons."
Happy Friday to you!
Wow, Sports Direct @ St James's Park drops the St. James's Park, good job Mike Ashley, way to spend your good-will reserve
Tomorrow is Friday! What a week!
Inception is 17 for Blue ray/ DVD combo at target.
I should just live on my own. My parents are never here anyways so why not!?.
It took me 15 minutes to find some honey roasted nuts. It feels like they jusy haphazardly threw this store together. Bread and nuts?
hahaha it's funny. How'd you take group pictures? We never got to do that either.
Our Not so Traditional, not so fried, Friday Fish Features are getting Rave Reviews! If you haven't checked it out make plans for this week
hahahahahahaha dumb ass !!! xD i miss my rebel
haha people are like starin at me
Wearing your guy's sweatpants >>>>>
and, quiet, too.
blossoms now?
I know, man. I get excited when I see myself, too.
Oh Chris, I'm just getting started.
• Like If 8 Packs Are Better Then 6..(; • Comment If 6 Packs Are Better The 8..
lol yeah you did.
Wishing i was in a hot tub! #Cold <<<<
i almost died cause i didnt eat anything today. But i beat my time but a min. And a half ^.^
so so happy for you!
Ryan Has been watching to much "Babe"
Congrats Margaret! RT : Huge congrats to SUNY-Buffalo's on being the newest Brittain Postdoctoral Fellow!
Saw your last tweet. Check out our website www.stardesignsa.com . Maybe we can help you find exactly what you are looking for. :)
wait...do you groove to jams, or jam to grooves?
No question. It's just amazing that swapping out that one piece made such a HUGE difference.
The language you use of "poor blacks" and "repressed".... Has racist undertones.
“: Im down with the fitness team, #TeamFitness.” all day every day
I'm starved !!!
He saw you. He wanted you. He liked you. He got you. He had you. He loves you. He got bored. He left.
10 minute nap 💤
Shidd this game a blowout
Second semester is going by extremely fast! Woohoo
About to go outside and play in the snow
"Stewed, screwed, and a neighbor for food" Zombie Housewives of the apocalypse
when the deans love you and don't check your bag but. heck everyone else's
you're welcome hun :)
Blast kills the power play, both teams back to equal strength
"Let's See Today's Plan, Spend Time With My OG, Than Go DownTown After All That, Available To Come Outside.!
i have got 32 #homeless people out of 3homelessness. i clothe and feed #homeless weekly also. PTL!
So water polo star Tony Azevedo goes down in trading card error lore with Billy Ripken and Carlos Beltran (Juan LeBron), among other greats.
It totally a prime spot - lots of sun. I'm not sure I'm ready for someone to sit there yet. Still adjusting.
Thanks, Kelly!
It makes up for the Belmont picks. WTF was I thinking.
are you in Utica please say yes.
So missed my flight last night but on my way home now, tired and excited to be heading home
you need to be specific. Lol
Holy frack, Bridesmaids was hilarious!
I love you too. I needed that!!! had a blast with you. Thanks. RT : I love my sis
For my Mom to make up for this weekend's pages by setting a major scene in one of her FAVORITE places! #NoDanFogelberg ( knows )
Happy for Corey Wooten as a Cats fan. As a Bears fan, I hope his knee is ok.
Oh loll.. Just making sure...
Is wondering why some people on twitter want that professional image and yet they have no picture of themselves or their business.
how u get all them followers lol
Friday at last! Atlanta, have any fun plans for the weekend? Been out to catch a game yet? Still first in our division!
Watching the editing, mixing and mastering process is an invaluable lesson - don't skip out on it. Just sit and observe and learn!
Nature is not only all that is visible to the eye — it also includes the inner pictures of the soul
So is any teenager who can sing and has long hair considered another Justin Bieber?
yup I still got my blackberry though
Today is the day Opens for Season Pass Holders! Open to the public next Sat. w/ Dora the Explorer & SpongeBob SquarePants!
Semi-randomly, is it just me or is the gender messaging in beer commercials & other football-time ads particularly objectionable this year?
you make my life so easy!! Thank you.
nice playing tonight! 10 boards is real nice work. Huge role for u at arizona next year. Can't wait to watch the team jell.
#5Myths only hillbillys, rednecks, and country folk are from Nashville.
any movie out that you wanna see?
Submitted The Advocator concept to the challenge to win 10K. It was approved! Looking forward to becoming a finalist.
My bf has perfect date ideas. Go to the mall, eat, go home, eat hot cheetos, watch lion king, have sex, take a shower, have sex, cuddle.
It's only fair to include Seattle to the tour. After all, we're the only city from the challenge excluded :(
Thanks for the Reminder!
I sometimes want to walk around in your brain. It would probably be a musical, like West Side Story.
Follow ,this is not a promo im just saying ,he follows back follow ,him its free
Are you going to verify credibility of that poll? 451 said they'll vote in dem primary, but <350 were Dem.
Well no. I usually have 2 :)
You now know about #studyday but do you know about StudyBlue? Come check out our online flashcards at the tutor desk.
Hello everyone plz follow n I follow back 
Confidential to library peeps: My library added a LibraryH3lp chat box to our Ebsco products! We're excited to see how much traffic we get.
See you Monday 6:30pm at the YW. Now is a time to "make it plain" & make it right
Nothing better than chips ahoy cookies, my snuggie, and a Martin episode to relax from a long day of work!
sweet a freakin air check session (in Don Imis voice)
"use protection unless you want her second child to be your first mistake" I speak wise words.
Just saw Justin bieber and Mariah carry's NEW CHRISTMAS music video. ALL I WANT FOR CHRISTMAS IS YOU. It was awesome;) want it on my iPad.
A sale is not something you pursue; it's what happens to you while you are immersed in serving your customer. Unknown
Niall sounds so cute.
I like that someone updated the copyright in 2010
The coffee from the cafe in Cobb was especially good today, but it did not help me much on my Persian exam.
Whoa what's everyone doing for new years? A year ago today I had the balls to start a better life in a better place with nothing. Lv life!
Wow. Police are so kind and considerate when media and #unm faculty are present
we love the way you look from across the street... Come to tbar!!!
a cigar smoking, whiskey drinking man at the pool staring suspiciously. Please tell me he was wearing boxers & wifebeater.
Note to the world: ferociously banging on your keyboard does not in fact get your notes in the computer faster, its just obnoxious.
He's just a mama's boy 😔
Haha, yeah. That's a good episode- hadn't seen that one before!
This sucks!!!
thanks for follow and YOU have a nice day too
Never tell a girl to calm down. It just makes her more angry
ewwww I took AP world History. that exam sucks.
may I please have a follow back??? (:
Don't forget about Colleen, she's also not on facebook, but she is sharing her crazy thoughts on twitter now
Comm Fish thanks staff, PSC commissioners and community participants. "Amazing level of civic engagement."
Yep....i was ready for bed. Then I saw a picture of people making food.. What did I do? Get up and make a feast at 2 in the morning!
Hey everyone! Go check out 's tour announcement at Facebook.com/actionitem :)
oh, the #heat made the playoffs? I hadn't noticed
You did Sam...before you found love -_-
Seattle, here I come.
Wish I was there with you girls. I know you're having fun! -- chapmansharp (). Wish you were here too!
Alright. Thanks.
Tomorrow should be a good day! And then a three day weekend!!
absolutely! Unbelieveable. Things are coming together.
I am NOT answering that!
#IAmThankful to everyone who has contributed to my success this year...and to everyone who will contribute in the the future. Luv Ya!
Heath Bell is killing me
I need a girl in my life so I can have someone to spend this money lol and find love
Do you use a profile or fan page on #Facebook?
I spent the flight back from DC taking notes on my notes. Now I just need to take notes on THOSE notes.
Okay an I still don't care. I didn't say it was cute.
I'll do it, I have to do laundry and finish a puzzle but I'm good at describing things, can I phone it in? voicemail?
We go threw hell to get to paradise
didnt read ur self-serving story Are you that despicable and judgemental a person as to criticize w/o knowing motive?
Making "Bacon" in Real Estate - helping people sell their home and having more fun with folks who want to buy a house. Can we help you?
#iabaudio Taylor wood talking tap to call
The more followers I get the more I'll tweet!
Hellomynameischristianbeadles is now my instagram. Follow me or pay the consequences.
Tweeting from 100th anniversary camporee. Almost 1,000 girls and families at Camp Dellwood to celebrate!
Shows focus! RT : Yes, there are annual membership dues, and you must be referred by 2 existing members
loved seeing George back and so happy that Chris pulled the come from behind victory and William is finally gone!
Srsly. Or if we're going to go there, do we have to talk about tax exempt status, and everything else?
Jeff Teague almost yoked that
Trying to figure out where to set-up my light box to take photos for Etsy listings. The natural window light has changed with the seasons!
thanks, right back at you! let us know if you need biz cards, postcards, etc., and we'll hook you up w/ a great price.
This is National Prosthodontics Awareness Week. WIthout us, there'd be no dentures, bridges, & lots of missing front teeth! We <3 patients!
Yoooooooo what's good!
oh my God that was crazy
love you !
Uh its an iphone
bo packing is no fun! but totally worth it for mexico.
The person who reads my tweets through his phone, I needed YOU yesterday.
Mixx Friday & Saturday. Book your party in advance!
Thanks For 777 Followers!
“Our greatest fear should not be of failure but of succeeding at things in life that don't really matter.” - Francis Chan
I'm 4'11, does that qualify me for the job????
Get "Heaven" today on itunes!
:) Thanks for the follow! It's my dogs' & cats' world...I just live in it.
It's starting to look more like 3pm. I'm running a little behind today!
no spoilers plz :)
Love that my former anchor is making friends with my current anchors
Yo..Feel Like Freestylin But Got No Beat On Hand? Then Get This App Called-"Gimme A Beat"
First Tweet from my iPad. A wonderful birthday present from my very understanding wife. So far, so cool.
i try to be there for ppl as much as i can. i feel like im so nice to everybody.
thanks! And it's been about 2 months now =]
vulture is awesome.
-__- I think its awkward on break with supervisors. Haha
Although I did see Rolling Thunder being escorted by Hwy Patrolmen..Pretty cool.
If the cop that shot John T. Williams in Seattle is prosecuted it will be the 1st time in 30 years an on duty cop has been tried. Too long.
Clousers jet landing soon. Should be a solid weekend hanging with the Penn ave peeps from trumansburg.
Taking #UndergroundFilm and #Animation to the next level! #Filmfests roll with me. Let's do it big Yo!
I wanna rub one out with ;)
next time😘
#RVA #Pollen capital of VA? I think so!
Oh, sí, April 13, 7pm, Brava Theater. coming to the Mission. Taco USA. Book reading & signing.
New Girl Talk is out!!! Free as usual
No it doesn't numb skull it shows that a computer drafted a check.... you really are stupid..
I hate it when men whistle at me like I'm a lost little puppy. When women do it, it makes me fearful of my womanhole.
To the window to the wall till the sweat go's down my balls
Nobody reads my fucking bio. Stop mentioning me when you follow me. Fuck damn shit. My interactions show me.
No, I always regard going to ALA as akin to the tumbrel ride to the guillotine. I'll be there Sunday... Meetup?
That was really beautiful!! Thanks for sharing. :)
Good reminder for me/ : If we love one another, we truly listen. If we don't, we think of things we want to say -
Riding the digital waves bro!
we are happy to be 1 of the 500 :-)
RT : Nervous as hell
Just saw "The Doctor's Wife" and now I wanna see a book series about The Corsair. Get to work.
Roof closed at Miller Park. Hot like Arizona, which is winning by a lot, BTW
Undertaker is Back!!! Taker--H 3
great to have you in tonight! Stop by tomorrow for night!
good grief
i vote for nap.
You forgot to add, "to bring into work and share with the crew."
Going to KISS show tonight in Va. Will rock as always. www.kevinkash.com
I'm doing well. How are you doing? How is your jewelry business?
That won't help. All of Wisconsin is currently unavailable.
where'd you park?! That's too much money lol
My neighbor put up a "Honk for Vickie's (my Mom) B-Day" sign up in our yard. All day cars have been laying on their horns as they drive by.
4 HR's at Camden Yards not as impressive as Ryan Braun's 3 bombs and a double at Petco
" You said you'd always be there for me, but you're not. And it's because of me. It's my fault. –Simba
im puking up captitalism cause it's being shoved down my throat, everyone else seems to have no gag reflex tho
The top may wobble at times, but faith keeps it spinning.
excellent! Thank you! That's what I was hoping to do. She's coming on on
spotted cockroach number 3... Turns out your spray doesn't work on this one
You tell yourself you don't like them, and yet every time you think of them, your heart beats faster.
from - make open courseware extensible.
Haha wait until u start skyping
Hello! Are you home yet? Lol
Oh it's such a nice day, and I'm stuck inside doing computer work! Goober.
Ok goodnight to everyone! Bye :*
RT : Great ManDate with
Yes I am :-), don't tell ! That's how I keep up with things on the other side of the pond.
Best birthweek ever so far! Finger tattoos, dinner with family, new motorcycle helmet! And it gets better, tomorrow spa day and clean house!
Good Morning Dylan!!! :) <3
Warm weather makes me wanna ride my motorcycle :'(
Thx and I will! Congrats on your success :)
application to National Taiwan U's anthro program sent! u be a fool if you dont accept me honeybooboochild!
you can try Fiesta- they usually have a few for sale
Happy Birthday to one of my favorite former students Have a blessed day!
Wanted to get fucked up tonight since I'm so upset about my ex. But guess that won't happen.
in business and in sports speed kills, I am not just talking about being fast. talking about speed of efficency, though and focus action
Oh shit. Someone farted. If I die...you know why.
Today I'm feeling I A-flat minor. Where's the coffee?
We miss you guys!
Everyone check out tonight at 6pm CST, 7 for us east coasters. I love the idea and think it's great that they're doing it.
Thank you! Good to see you too! How've you been?
so, the day we release our first issue, our host decides to shut down. moving the site over to a different host. should be back up soon!
just to me lol
Taj gibson just peeled his muffin cap back blue
Maybe. Your odds are currently 1 in 3,011.
My thoughts exactly!
have you tried the shrimp toast at son of a gun in LA?
Thank YOU. You know how we love your cookie voice.
If I had a nickel for each time BOTH Tony and Mike were in Studio, I would live in a cardboard box.
I'm tempted to make a subliminal tweet
I like Bon Jovi! A lot!
RT : What Site Owners, Web Developers, And SEOs Should Know About the Yahoo/Microsoft. bit.ly/5yrEg
Finish this question: The one person I would love to meet is __________
Happy Anniversary!
Visit us the fastest growing classified site in the world to market or sell almost anything. Isisclassifieds.com
My mom totally cock blocked me in my dream last night.
The minuteman are an Nit power house now. Loving it!
Behind your tweets lies the hatred and disrespect of a fanatic. Not my thing. I wish you luck.
Happy Birthday, Fenway Park!
Yaaaaay-uh (easy to say, hard to write). Trying hard to focus on work, yet find myself shopping a bit this afternoon.
People change, feelings fade, heart broken, friends leave, friends become enemies, lovers become strangers, you’ll be judged, life goes on.
Want to go #solar? We can help with all your residential, off-grid, water heating, water pumping & gate operating solar needs!
The computer is down, therefore no broadcast
Internet Marketing Agency, Command Partners, Expands Again
#PeopleWhoWereBulliedButNowSuccessful , , , , . They inspire me a lot. ♥
Arg! Yesterday was 404 and I missed my opportunity to post a status code joke.
Lml, Such A Funny Brother.
She be on twitter all day, how she ain't got more tweets then me
This jello tastes like cough syrup ..
Might be able to get someone to come pick them up today if not.
Walmart = fat people in track suit day! I need to start shopping at Target
wow...how very weak..
Cheese Steak! Cheese Steak! Cheese Steak! Are you ready for the Texas Cheese Steak from Memphis Minnie's?
What's up tonight #Akron?
funny! she doesn't find it so funny. I say its not funny. (but it is.) I'm a good girlfriend, and embarrass her via twitter.
I'm trying to almost give away a Honda Car,here in Phoenix and no one is calling.I guess every body has a car to get around in.That's Good
"The key to immortally is living a life worth remembering" - Brandon Bruce Lee
most boring saturday night ever! i hate when my weekend plans dont go as planned shit pisses me off
"You can't intimidate the " - Charles Barkley... "You sure can't" -
RT : Oh. It's green week! Maybe Dwight was conserving his energy?
Searching for a Domain host for my #startup - Any suggestions of a reputable hotsting compant?
No but he was on some super homophobic tip the other day and he got retweeted on my TL. Maybe looking for attention.
Welcme to the home of self-defense products!
Well how about that... I'm being followed by Vegas Strippers ().
♪How Am I Supposed To Leave You When My Heart Tells Me To Keep You? How Can You Ask Me To Let You Go?♪ ~
Why would u pass on Earl Thomas philly? Good pick but bad time.
Just opened 4 btls of bubbly+wondered abt moon phase. Corks were MONSTERS to get out! RT : "...Full moon in perigee yesterday"
Wondering what I might come back to after 10 days of being away from work.
A whole bunch of misunderstandings and assumptions psssshh #humans lol
Give Me Love. Xx
Took another leap of faith :) love it
oh my gosh, I can't wait till they're over! 3.5 days of sleep sounds amazing!
All I have to worry about is my Spanish final and then I am DONE.
I'd like to see Johnny Damon come to Cleveland. Actually, let's just cut Sizemore now and keep Damon.
Battery on your remote control running low? Press the buttons harder.
Kate Stanford of Google talking SoLoMo with great examples... Mercedes Key to Viano interactive campaign via key chain very cool.
i was in school! i miss u 2<3
the hits? I just saw that some other people I follow arrived in NYC today.
Can't wait to see some of the new #website designs you've created! Thanks for sharing your #skills!
Traffic. Traffic. Traffic. Traffic. Traffic.
Thank you for my gorgeous bracelet, i LOVE!! Definitely brightened up my day!
I seen that the other day, but lord about to burn the house down lol.
Me too! Specifically, the University Archivist for my alma mater [huge state school]. The position's been vacant for years.
Haha there is nothin on tv
As far as I can tell she doesn't seem to like ANY pasta. There must have been a mixup at the hospital.
call in my girl! :(
stupid 19 yr old boy who laugh thinks is cute but ruined her halloween by gettin married
we've been together for thousands of years..
Anecdote from 1 Seattle restaurant Groupon: 2k sold, 40% used in first 60 days, big Fri/Sat crowds. Basically, filled unused inventory
Pierce: Limitations in R5.4 against fee splitting are an impediment to delivery of legal services
Not a problem, it's what we're here for. ;-)
poorly run business for sure. Poor Sanchez doesn't deserve this.
Omfg he really just broke my glasses and then say sorry No.!
jus sayin'. if u gon get all deep and meta on my ass i'm gon point out how stupid it is. fuck yo couch
Where the fuck has alex riley been?
only if i was tan
enjoying life with 2 kids. You?
Jay-Ism # 4 - "A n Individual succeeds by always achieving, not by always repeating"..(Keep pushing yourself to new limits to find success)
Are you celebrating a March Birthday? If so stop by the Front Desk for a Yummy Surprise!
My mom said if I get my grades up, she'll take me to Demi's concert this summer. That's such hard work tho.
exactly. Could he have sustained those injuries from someone else or even inflicted them thereafter? Yes.
wen he first came out his name was meek mills
That's really funny. I reviewed her portfolio and wondered if she was related to you. Totally did not put that together.
so it looks like ORETO the fifth spec written by yours truly RS1 is resurfacing, making a comeback if you will. The Poet of Rhyme & Treason.
Interface is bringing Powershell (Feb 7) and Project Management (Mar 14) classes to Flagstaff, AZ - register today if you're in northern AZ!
Thank you Nate!
Overcoming poverty is not a task of charity, it is an act of justice. Like slavery and apartheid, poverty is not natural. It is man-made...
where are you from? i´m spanish!
Of all the songs about being dumped by Judy Collins, "Suite: Judy Blue Eyes" is really the best.
Treating myself to guava, pina colada, mango and strawberry coconut cupcakes and cake pops for my birthday courtesy of :)
i don't like sewing jeans. specially cause they're not even mine. Like wtf pay me bitch
Couples Entry TWO FOR ONE! Single? Print the bulletin pass!
I know how you feel, noone at my school listens to my music.
This #RARE album is unbelievable ..
RT : Nothing surprises me anymore!!
Just spent the last minute reading Nonsense to my niece. Very cute book!!
I keep having uncomfortable moments with women at work, they flirt a little too aggressively, and im married...
My allergies are getting worse...I have a bloody nose, and a headache.
... Lebron isn't even the best player on his own team lmao.
You won't be seventeen forever, we can get away with this tonight. <3
that's our inspiration for lyrics.
#10tweetsaday its like exercise for your social networking....
seems like everyone who has a firm or a company has some guilt and secrets.
Why thank you!
is this really happening? I swear Ill never be happy again. And dont you dare say we can just be friends.
What fun madness! Thank you to all who came out to World Voices, ESPECIALLY the 150+ volunteers! PEN office is mighty quiet today...
And... D Rose is done for the season!
You can lead a boy to college but you can't make him think
you never get over it, you just get to the point where it doesn't matter so much anymore.
The ice cream truck playing the music of scary clowns outside my window is messing with my ability to compose
Just left Tucson on a roll to Austin Texas for South by Southwest
You're crazy! HaHa I'll text you, "It's Britney Bitch!"
aye so i guess my birthday weekend begins now((:
my phone died.
The highest reward for your dedication to excellence is not what you get from it but what you become from it
hope yoiur having an amazing weekend!
UW is def one of the most social savvy schools. That said, it's mostly just marketing. Next step: genuine conversation.
I'm now a nail tech:) love doing my own nails fabulously!!!! <3
i'll admit the yabbadabbabitch part was pretty funny.. even tho he wasn't there :x
The short stubby guy tryed to put Jim Jones out there Monday. But got handled he was terrified.LMAO
Can't keep up wit all this new social networking stuff...
hahaha i love it, gotta catch up soon
R.I.P. Joe Morello
nap time.. long day😔💤
#FF more superb, less absurd.
big nick for sure. Flippin titties all day
how can you see into my eyes like open doors? save me from the nothing ive become. bring me to life
The best thing you can do in 2 min for your business? Check out the "One Idea Two Minutes" podcast on our website or iTunes
thanks guys!
So you know that if you are so complimentary I MUST reply. Awesome, me? Gracias, mi amor.
funny thing about niggas , you never run out of em lol smh
Beards before hoes. Or did I get that saying wrong?
Those that want respect, give respect.
a week and a half away from being able to vote..
Gas station attendant pointed at a zit on my face and said "proactive worked for her". I said "oh really.. College really worked for me"
Me and mah boyfriend are doing great. :D & so is Valerie and Menchaca. <3 Coleita loves Menchacalita.
oh yes. Preparing my liver now.
How many times can I break till I shatter?
$20 for the whole lot of them. Do it, do it!
Thanks, Andy! Glad we could connect in the workshop today. We'll be in touch soon!
Why is ain't tweeting much?
Have a new pair of specs from Metro Eye? Or a fave pair you can't live without? Tweet a pic and show us how you rock your frames!
my net is down at da moment but im free saturday tho,if u gonna be n da studio-i could come thru
RT : “Quality has to be caused, not controlled.”- P. Crosby [Amen.]
should have a new edit of my reel ready reel soon, hope i reelly love it when im done
It is WAY too hot. Ugh.
tacos or burritos?
I'll make sure not to walk in your room. I find displays like that highly discriminatory to those of us with mutant height! ;-)
please follow back:)
you do ya school work
Did anyone else notice that dude in the 'Boyfriend' video wearing a 'Chunky Bieber' sweater? LOL.
Hanging out with weather producer this morning in the Center. Talking about watching today's Manchester Derby.
It's been a busy week. Finally getting back to painting tonight. We'll see if the decisions I've been thinking about hold their weight.
#Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 63F MOSTLY CLOUDY
Just left one church and about to head to another one!
thank you for the follow! Love your site! Keep in touch
You, my friend, are lucky.
I would go to see Dali's home in Spain!
Learn about the A. Philip Randolph Porter Museum on today at Noon
No matter what the weather no matter what the weather RT : My friends, are your friends. We can be friends together.
you are amazing. You completely changed the course of their lives.
Playing with Poll Everywhere
Your welcome! And your in the Yay like us! And a night owl like us! lol
I'm with Maddie..talking about your brother lololol
": is going to die of how many times she does hookah." LMFAO , I'm not smoking.
Man im hungry as fuck!!!!!
Nice to hear about another good dining option before heading to a movie, Berkeley Rep or Cal event. Thanks!
well hung.
Getting ready for the tomorrow! Can't wait, going to have to save lots of room for all that food!
#FF for the best tech reporter north of the border:
i am deffinitly a real person,not a spamer,and trying to retire from driving gasoline tanker in the greater phily pa. area
of course :)
Great evening block walking, then meeting friends and supporters at the Metrocrest Democrats meeting. 22 days to go!
eat a piroshki for me...
Good morning, !
probably my favorite April fool's this year!
I spent today looking at my marketing plan. What do you do on a daily basis to market your business?
I like Skip Schumaker at second base for the #STLCards much more than Tyler Greene and Daniel Descalso.
Love that place!! “: Dine out. Fight AIDS! Headed to El Nuevo Rodeo now! #dolmn #FB”
um...where is my invite
Watching Arthur on pbs kicking it old school :)
Success means different things 4 different people...but is a mutual goal 4 us all. Value the path that leads u there, winding roads & all!
He'll be home and done with the military in 1 wk!
sure, you bet, no problem... Now... About that acquisition of my work...
; have i told u i love u lately??;)
The Girl with the Bacon Tattoo
Why, yes, I am eating Nutella between sets of sit-ups.
Any museum/exhibition folk know an out-of-box tool for recording video of visitors answering a question? Have seen one, now can't find it
Oh darn....we wouldn't want that happening now would we?!
Locbit wants to wish everyone a early happy
WOOT RT : Here's an idea: to road trip in VIP party bus/limos.
Big sports news re Dem cheatin' Saints. More with Packman on sports at 6:45!
I don't understand how I'm still so tired. Cannot deal. Cup of coffee #2, maybe skipping yoga.
interrupting yourself while talking to yourself… Quite the paradox, eh?
I have alerted the IT boys to your situation. Have you posted your prob to the chat board on the site?
RT dont forget about our delivery service Fast Food Express ATL. check us out.
Kids are hogging the iPad, can't keep up with twitter feed, feels like I'm missing half the game
Tillman got another force fumble!
EW I DONT WANT HER LICKING ME
NEVER. I will die with my phone and have it buried next to me in it's own little coffin.
voice* QUICK TIME
I'm right here!
Omw to school bumping that
Is this love?
"afraid to get nair in your shampoo again?" wow hahahahahahaha
Always getting the urge to dance salsa when there's no one around to dance with.
Glad to have the Founder of the Northwest Chapter of Keiretsu Forum on the advisory board! Thanks Todd!
Welcome to the machine
Sounds like the perfect Sunday to us! Did you have fun?
I am looking forward to the release of the Rock Dog Revolution cd!
hey, you wanna partake in ?? we're looking for tap dancers!
Dr. Hrabowski, the president of UMBC.
partying and working same old 😃
Definitely want to visit it one more time before leaving MN!
Feeling some better. Not quite 100% yet, but I'll see you tomorrow. Glad you & Shata had the movie tix to good use!
you should visit his house in Prague…if you lived in that closet you could write like him too!
During the All-Star game when Kane turned into "SuperKane"!! Dominating the breakaway challenge.
Tonight #Infected <3
Q. Why don't Canadians have group sex? A. Too many thank-you letters to write afterwards.
Thanks Sarah! Nice to meet you in Ottawa | RT : Great presentation - welcome to Canada eh!
I literally just want to runaway and never come back.
Too lazy to get up. Fml
He was a television entrepreneur in Boston in the 1930s--we have one of his TVs
at long beach laying down on a sofa with a laptop....end of story
#20ThingsAboutMe 15) I think Dale Jr . is sexy(:
ID eat it... I would make the best oral sex to ur body~ muah #Besos 69
“The trouble with not having a goal is that you can spend your life running up and down the field and never score.” -- Bill Copeland
Lincoln HID can be considered as the brightest idea for making driving more comfortable
Ha! when the video comes out your break is O-V-E-R OVER!
But pops will be here in the morn so bout to call it a nite
o u better smash dat
Macho is at moms tonight. She prob cooked for him and he is asleep in a huge bed while I'm the one having separation anxiety.
We told this little girl that we named the dog at Petland Yolo. Oh my God lmfao.
she sucks bro
First 500 attendees each day will receive "Goodie Bags" full of coupons, give a ways, IPODs and more. Visit www.thehomeandgardenmarket.com
Go get 'em this week at The Masters!
I've come to the conclusion that listening to a book is much more interesting than reading it. Plus it's much faster!
so he got mad? .. dude he's overprotective !!! :/
Fckk Muve Music for not having Sweet Love on there
noo lexii . Im not idc about that situation . I dont even know tbh . If im ugly them im ugly . Or nasty
Yeah, it definitely is lol
In order to be the best, you have to know your breaking point - go to the edge of it, but never go beyond. ~ Rebecca Twig
Going up to Attica.
NYE is finally here!
u totally forgot about me :((
Nice! RT : Finished a wet & windy 5k race this morning in 29min flat. The charity run is a great addition to #coopthink this year!
RT : Pixel-topia! This video from Washington Project for the Arts Experimental Media Series is amazing.
Earn your career in nursing, psychology or science/math and live within your own agendas by enrolling in online college programs
I thoroughly enjoyed that.
i'm a work in progress ;)
when people constantly divert their attention elsewhere government continues to do what they're doing, like they have for ages
goodnight oh everybody go follow this beautiful girl
eats blue waffles on the daily with a side crusty lips. Secretions
Tweet tweet, let it begin! Tweet tweet, let it begin! Tweet tweet, let it begin! Tweet tweet, let it begin! Tweet tweet, let it begin! MENGS
i will follow him for his birthday if u follow me for my birthday (july 24!)
excited for lunch tomorrow!
said that id rather "mute" you than unfollow so you can keep ya follow.... lol she's right though...
cough it should be me cough cough lol wut? :D
is it really that much better tho.
I hear you guys got a ton of it!
DanceBlue was definitely a success.
He don't know what he talking about.
NEW MEXICO TOMORROW WITH , , an my girl !
Thank you for screening MY AMERICA at the meeting tonight!
Why thank you! It's the least we can do. :) Also - it's been too long! RT : I love a employment ad with a sense of humor!...
thx, we never made it, but will also plan earlier for next yr.
sent u a dm hopefully. New cell is acting weird.
Save yourself!
RT : having trouble synching my bank account for kickstarter amazon payment system, any recommendations | Kick for starters
Hopefully I get my tragus piercing tomorrow 😊
RT : Kudos to & , which just scored a cache of well-deserved
Still devastated about Faried, man.
Backstage Romance is rad. Go like them on facebook!
This week is going so slow!
I don't post, I don't email, I don't correspond in any way. I just report them to the hosting company.
It's coo tho. I could careless what anyone says about me.
They were adorable
I am in desperate need of inspiration.
what does this mean Donna?Visit this free promotion site on my profile if you need more follows..hey follow4follow? will trade
Current computer skills are key: starting with Word, Excel and PowerPoint.
Join us tonight as DJ plays all the songs you like but can never remember the name of. Stay tuned for the
May Adam's service to the world be an influence and example to us all.
Rock n roll again in Berkeley!
Match day!
cool we'll when I'm chatting wit you off here
You got it!
Very excited at what the future will bring! Door is wide open for bigger and better things!!! You never know what is around the corner :-)
I'm beginning to feel like an expectant father. No really, I am very excited about how things are coming along with Ebuxing.com
No Sir, I want a Muppet government!! "Do you think the solution to Kony is the US invading Uganda, setting up a puppet govt"
lol already did it my gurl
Imagine how good McCoy would be right now if he was named starter 4 games ago.
u mean u had a convo with on what you like to tweet? *confused
Posting pics on fb Bs tats be weak af... & ppl be liking them
STEELERS BABY WHAAATTT!!!!!!!!
Yes, it was discussed that curiosity of this newfangled code thingy has a lot to do with it.
I am but i wanted to see if you would bring me something but never mind i guess I'm not important enough too you LOL :)
Don't starve to lose weight! You won't get enough nutrients and your body slows its metabolism to hold onto precious calories.
There will be no landscape photography in #Loudoun today. Water falls from the sky and the wind blows from the south. Maybe another day...
How many seasons are there? Hah. I've seen quite a bit of episodes, but I haven't seen the show in forever.
Who got the Studio on deck?? Get @ me!! I got sum ish on my mind..
Trick or treat, trick or treat, give me something good to eat
hahahahahahahaha whose pitching for us??????
#WhenWillYou just be a real person
Wisconsin and Marquette both play Thursday. Looks like I'll be watching basketball all day. I mean, I was going to anyway, but still...
very nice song!
Relationship > Distance
How is my CCW training different? I don't just teach what you need to get a concealed license, I teach what you need to know to stay alive!
As Mayor, please loosen the liquor laws.
Graduating senior looking to learn about the craft of PR.
You know it's a bad lunch day when you are excited that you packed a cheese stick.
#dhtrial if nic rejected offer with an 8 to 4 jury lock she is a blonde of steel. Gotta give her credit. Possibility of a retrial is real.
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!! We're thankful for you. :)
bastards didn't even buy me a martini! Pfffffffft
thanks. Will do!
were gonna handle;) ill hit you up tomorrow kk
No clue! I'm hoping they do! * <-- a snowflake
I'm geeking out so much over Pottermore. I'm a Ravenclaw!
More like John Lacking!
Love you.
. Thanks! I uploaded the Hidden Picture Books just to see how it would work on my
stop tweeting every 20s about ur elbow punk;)
76ers won now it's #flyers turners go boys
I'm listening to a little Drake myself :)
I take it all back.
thanks, Larry. Hope you made it home safely.
Proof that TK is a closet NOW fan
I know what you're saying lol I really don't have too much of a problem with most of the modern music
#AintNothingLike hugging someone you care about, and they squeeze you harder and longer.
I hope it's just all in our heads ;). Id like to have a non-acidic stomach again. Good luck! We can cheer each other on!
After chatting with Rebecca of last night, and today's news, I have realised that is basically *everywhere* ;-)
lol, does it make you better?
Thanks Erin!! RT : #nowplaying "Sleep On This" by Such a great song!
pork fries and clam chowder! Yum!
Seis De Mayo is special to me too. Let's go get tanked on Jose Cuervo and salsa.
Definitely get the book! You may never be the same...
Pilot killed in Lexington plane crash was on his way to furniture market
ha! "Hold out hope you should not, tired your arms shall be"...lol
Brady: Urban renewal should NOT be an economic development tool
I'll mention to the chef on your behalf. ;) RT : This weather demands the return of the watermelon pizza!
Reverb = Modesty..Auto Tune =Dishonesty..Please stop lying to me through your microphone. <3 bri
Congratulations to joining the great Copyblogger gang - wonderful news!
He still has it because he's admin on my HCRFS FB Page still!
To love abundantly is to live abundantly, and to love forever is to live forever
you guys kick some serious ass, just FYI
Dumb bitch in the car in front me holding up traffic, oblivious to the world ...
Come pick me up in the a.m?
i'm almost there. so close to those auditions. there almost here. there almost here
it's time to count sheep! Lol I'm out...
Bridal Shower time :*
guys who talk to you first
Too much shit to do today, but gotta get shit straight with
watching E3 with jen.
your customer service dept is the BEST, Thank you.
Finally finished this paper and powerpoint!
Hey ! Any fun lighting tips for our followers to make their house feel fresh for spring?
Listening to
you should make my sister's Christmas wish come true and follow her please
Thanks. Recommend send your story if you havent done so. He blogs vegan testimonials. They are inspiring and awesome to read
so what time?
my random question for you.. what is your favorite book??
Where's our next great baker?!
Amazon should really build tunnels underneath all of their buildings. Driving in SLU during lunch time is a disaster!
Nd now making so many others dream come true i hope u had an amazing birthday!! Pls follow me tht would make this a reality
Remember the new OT rules. If we get there of course.
we have them anyways...
Ate here yesterday, now just meeting a friend. Still, deeply contemplating a plate of mahi tacos. (@ Sharky's Mexican Grill - Cahuenga)
a guess what
Thanks, glad you enjoyed it!
#BieberGivesTheBestBlowjobs <<<<<<<THIS rofl
SUP SUP JEFF ENG!
I got new iPhone, it is cool.
S/O to the girls who are half naked in their twitcon!
A wise german man once said: "Life isn't all about happiness."
Thought for the Day "My list of ingredients for success is divided into four basic groups: Inward, Outward, Upward and Onward." David Thomas
In a dining room- draw focus on the table with a chandelier or pendant. Use indirect lights, such as sconces, for dim corners.
we could have had a #SF road trip, especially since I've NEVER been there! Worst.Californian.Ever.
Going to the dells for mother's day with mom. I hate pools but I need to get away for a while :(
It hurts :(
Lucky I wanted too see it! :(
garbage in, garbage out
My headache is really really bad! its at the point I feel like crawling up in a ball on the floor or banging my head against a wall :(
I for one, support striking employees of Paris' Crazy Horse.
Thanks for the RTs and listings!
sweet :) RT : Yep.. I used to do that back then.. in the "old" days.. hahaha
you ain't lying. Lol Michigan has no summers nor beaches! :-0
IL #families to get extra support due to $19m in grants for home-visiting programs. Read bit.ly/pfFJ7e
Follow bACK (:
"I think we should just be friends" is the worst thing to say to your own kid.
Well Spring may TECHNICALLY be a week away, but it appears to have rolled on to The Avenue a little early, come get a burger and a drink!
When I sing in the shower, I sound really good. Then I turn the water off....
Hi Rev. Jeff, I hadn't seen that thank you!
Wish I could! Heading to MN at noon. Missed you last night, !
Very True!
Pour some (shampoo) out for
Holy cow! 5000 kindle downloads at the Seattle Public Library in the past week.
precise wants to call into your radio show please tweet me your request line number thank you.
WHERES THE PARTY #MAY27th??? ---->>>>>>>>> ITS AT THE #AYVAcenter.... for yall women that love to #twerk .
Oh, I'm changing my name to Charity Monday. I needed to add a little white trash to my life. I'll expect my check Tuesday.
“: Trying to talk out of a Tinkerbell tattoo” Bahahagahaha yes please do 😄
Thanks so much, Noah. Same to you♥ I hope your day is going beautifully:)
To say the Badger hoops team's play this season has been wildly inconsistent would be understatement of the year. HUGE road win today boys!
O never thought about having no-longer-living fake aunts. Huh. *contemplative* I need to see more Ava Gardner movies!
Reflecting on Tiller's memorial service in D.C. today -- we need to share our outrage.
I want a new droid
people get excited about overhead storage space.
What you are witnessing is the power of the noise of Lakers Nation.
Hi tweeps, been hiding out for a while...I'm back
Somehow I have a Google+ account, and all the people it recommends for me are the ones who have sent me misaddressed email over the years.
We applaud efforts to help #Foster_Parents protect their families from risk. Berry Family Child Care Network
My 3 year old grandson has been sticking to me like glue for the last week. I love the little tiger, but I need some space.. Yelling now.
Special thanks to the true indie brand supporters out there that do blog & spread the word
is visiting us this week! Beware of #DC weather, you never know if you need a winter coat or flip flops!
Saturday or Sunday!
it sure isn't
back to work after 2 weeks off - 1600+ items in my Inbox (rolls up sleeves)
thats no fun
French Laundry is always nice. Bring sacks of cash.
Making all these crafts for my little girl's party is inspiring me to try new things
sorry it's gate C28!
Needa dye my hair like ASAP
Top 5 mega trends after group voting.
Yeah, I hate when punts get blocked, too. RT I hate it when people are deliberately obtuse.
I believe you.
RT : There are a lot of ppl on laptops in here. Do you ever get tempted to stand up and yell #NANOWRIMO in a crowded coffee shop?
Smoking after getting a tooth extraction causes air pocketts that are very painfull. WHY DID I SMOKE
We're happy to support!
Customer Appreciation day tomorrow at 7-Eleven! Starts at 10:00 am. Raffle prizes include:Bike,Monster Car,Juke Box & more!
Not that you care, but I'm about to take IE9 out for a test drive.
Ratatat, writing and studying the history of rock and roll. I'd say this makes for a pretty good night, though its going to be a late one.
I thought 'I am morman' ads were dumb -- just saw a "1 in 4 is aethiest find out why" ad. Now im confused as to which i find more idiotic
#gcyale : Social practices (e.g. Anon) are forming worldwide that resist abuse of these terms to overcome free expression
So glad to hear you enjoyed my book. I really appreciate you spreading the word about.
Parking issues in HTX? Never! “: #bisnow Seeing office tenants putting more people in less space, resulting in parking issues.”
Support your local musicians!
Oh a little bit of everything. Life good for you?
I think this is a fabulous idea 😁
your fans love 2 watch & listen 2 u everyday, JW do u ever have what your fans call a Reba day where u watch & listen 2 ur own stuff
Jacob... I move back in 20 days
New PayPal will consolidate all yur credit,debit,& gift cards,& recognize coupons.Physical cards & coupons are becoming a thing of the past.
FOLLOW US AND WE FOLLOWING BACK!!!! NOT JUST A MOVEMENTBUT A LIFESTYLE!!!! MIGHTY MPIYA!!!! RT!!!!! RT!!!!!! RT!!!!!!!!
Any girl would be lucky to have you it would be amazing and be everything I wanted if I had you cause your a one gnarly dude 14
haha best video ever.. I wish my grandma was that cool
Ozzie Guillen press conference live!!!!! Let's go Ozzie!!!!!
If you can't decide on having a panini or a salad for lunch...don't have either. Order a Big Glass of wine. Always works for me....
Yup just hit a walk off home run
Hey, just discovered 8BitSeattle! Thanks to you and to Brett for putting us on the map!
Can't wait to see your #MothersDay tweet. I know its going to be FIRE.
#Education Group and #City Council Group Meetings today at 3:30pm, #Chamblins. #GA at 4pm. Hope you can make it.
is coming and it's not and they hurt like hell
Sixth Suggestion, Pick an evening or rainy Saturday afternoon where you can spend two hours together watching a movie or cuddling together.
loved it
SB 364 Part Deux Kehoe and Senate Pro Tem meet with Yee, the author to determine fate big biz appears more on board
You can have the evidence right in front of you, but if you can't imagine something that has never existed before, it's impossible
At shop!!! Big day.
no, no, no... Another weapon for Aaron Rodgers!! Dd is gettin old,Welker fills the void!!
If the world was drama free..
that's what we're hearing from everybody as well. Which one is your favorite character?
Habby Birthday HAve A GRAND One :D <3
Whew. Rondo looks okay.
I'm in love with Kerry Washington.
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
Headed to bed with my love
Are you thinking of getting another tattoo? Hit "like" if you are.
ah thanks!!
So.. I can mute ppl now lol..†
all the fb people who are posting pics with their moms
We are looking for graphic design help for our Go Red For Women collateral. Want to make a difference? Call Kim: 503-595-2573. Thanks!
Crazy Mary gig TONIGHT 11/11 at Trash Bar 256 Grand st., Brooklyn
That's true. Helps to know where to go.
Arroyo pitching a lot of balls. But due to chain of evidence, they are being called strikes.
We are actually not open on weekends yet, can you make hacknight on wednesday night?
We are looking for "sideshow"/"freakshow" entertainers/groups to perform. Please send them my way! (Please RT!)
in houston?
Fuck society's idea of beauty.! Your beautiful in EVERY SINGLE WAY!<3
We hope our mom had a fun Mother's Day! We wish we were home in Indiana to spend it with her.
What is your Funniest #Poker #Story ok lets here Em.....
what ya rehearsing?
Everything happens for a reason<3
#ff the dude from The Cars
Either you're, single or in a Relationship, there is no in between
Genius RT : mix in some vodka and I bet it would taste like heaven.
Best wishes to friends presenting & performing & interviewing at
RIP Junior Seau - our thoughts are with your family and friends right now. You will be remembered and missed.
we'll be on soon. I know you love Storm Team snow coverage.
woot it's getting close I'll have to post a picture of my outfit so you can see you'll definitely be able to spot me. Lol
Luby's for dinner tonight. Twenty years later and it still kicks a$$!
DWF Offices will be closed today (11/23) through Friday (11/25) for the Thanksgiving holiday, we'll see you back on Monday!
RT : #dogoodsummit = the pursuit of profit + purpose. It CAN be done. It SHOULD be done.
hey Toledo your tweet to your daughter inspired me to send the same to mine. I thought you should know that
however, if anything gets to me along the way, I'll try to sell the tickets and get regular ones.............
“: What did y'all think of Steven Tyler? Thought it was pretty cool.” it was terrible! Were we listening to the same thing?
So much alcohol will be consumed in 9 days. I love my friends.
hmm, should probably tweet something. How about some upcoming iSchool events?
Kendall? She's a senior?! One of my first team kids at AGA! ;)
thank you!
Thank you for your input kind sir, as ignorant as it may be. Have a great weekend!
we miss you Greg!
idk it's pretty hot
I tried so hard and got so far but in the end it doesn't even matter... #Linkin Park
he's a free agent buddy we need him!!!
is their a discount for 2-hour shuttle rides from airport to hotel?
but of course! hope to meet you in real time some day
We're busy getting ready for 's workshop! :)
Re: bball and fball coaches w/ top ten active career win %, what about Ohio St. (Thad Matta and Urban Meyer)?
Good afternoon.twitter first time in a while that i.got some.much needed sleep today should be a good day
Official Celebrity✔ Offical Twitter✔
So if we were to go on tour this year, what cities should we try and hit?
training?!? as in basic?
A1. I don't drink, so I don't really do that... Let's go with L'Chaim. Everyone loves that ch sound.
just no. he's not some musician for 12 year old fangirls
(AP) -- Person familiar with decision: New York Knicks coach Mike D'Antoni has resigned
Kegel, Gesser and Lincoln???? The star studded cast for Cougar Legends presented by Sterling Bank continues to grow!
that's right! U tell 'em, pink panther flakes!!! :-)
Convos outside of SM can help- told some active indiv how valued they are & now they're ambassadors
hit me up if you need a bassist. currently in LA
Children’s early development depends on their parents’ well-being and life skills, particularly interaction and reflection.
": S/o 2 for the follow" back at u hun )
a bit
Good song.
that is brilliant!!! i want more!
Good essay about #Amy Winehouse
DERBY DAY NERVES!
I think i am going to go shower then play some bf3.
also whn ppl say: "when u meet the right one, u will change your mind on having kids" ugh, I have gotten that SEVERAL times...
Watching the
Steakhouse then to sinix for BGCZ
uh huh
Highs in the 70s inland, 70 City, 60s coast today. Sprinkle tomorrow, cooler, highs near 60. Warmest Wed. & Thu... temps in the 70s.
Off to go find a tasty treat in the city of DC;-)
Tony Rishell wants in too. Just moved back to Mi. Already attended an event at Skybar
Do you realize we're going to get married and steal all the social security and be rich while everyone else works till 98 yrs old.
I like.
"When you know yourself you are empowered. When you accept yourself you are invincible." ~ Lifford via Teal Butterflies
I'm pretty lame with updating this Twitter, but I promise I'm better at FYEAHFAREWELLFIGHTER.TUMBLR.COM!!
CNet seems to be down, but DFEOJM says it's up. I can't ping it either.
there is nothing to watch on TV -_-'
I cant wait till your new merch is out soo i can buy it (:
Nigga Ross said 1.5 for the transport. This nigga I swear.. He comes at niggas heads on every track..
at rehearsal. ive been sittin here for almost 2 hours. 1 more hour to go. :/ thats what I get for being in stage crew & not the actual play.
Lakers Are Old News! Time To Get Off The Throne!
Just downloaded the new app. Looking forward to the event next Saturday.
U look like ur havin fun who is the dude with the mustache?? hes all like :D lolz
From Capitol command center: No change on allowing protesters to spend the night tonight, Elise Schaffer says.
CHOO CHOO! Good morning! Wake up! It's #NationalTrainDay, friends. All aboard for
“: YAH I HAD A BABY BUT IM STILL CRAZY!!! - Natalie!!!! #snldigitalshort BRILLIANT!”
Being in school tired af <
Well best of luck in your new venture then! :)
What an awesome fuggin night.
Meeting...meetings....meetings....
Got any good stories from Jingle Jam last night?? We wanna know! Text 69822 or call 222-9800
It is difficult to get a man to understand something when his job depends on not understanding it. Upton Sinclair (1878 - 1968)
Know your place
knockin beats out for you today lol let me know when ur free!
lol i buy any with AP but i always play Ryze xD did you see the sale going on? xD
Also got g here learning some stuff to be next grad assistant 4 the rams...if he doesn't get hired they aren't so "Smart"
Really paying for that lack-luster 1st quarter.
way too young to be getting married IMO
#StayAwayFromMeIf you are not loyal cant have no judice ass people around me
So I was listening to the new ti and lil Wayne and Wayne bets ti in everything
So happy for Modern Family cast, one of my favorites! Steve Carrell definitely should've taken best male lead though!
it will be a platform. Similar to those CMS you mention for adding content. Yet a lot more simpler, and not as robust.
But still, thanks for the press. Those kids are FANTASTIC and deserve more good press like this.
Great info from and today in #JOUR4953 about campaign issues!
Washed Out next week at the black cat. Tickets were $15. :-( I didn't know he was coming. :-( so sad.
Hey everyone! Our tunes are up for listening! W.facebook.com/cowboysnindians give us feedback!
yeah i hate studying for her tests
“ I'll be VERY happy when brings his a$$ back to wrk!! Lol!!”| bahaha I got you covered.
School is already crampin' my social life ⛵
sweet! Thanks for the idea!
are u going to change the DLC playlist on TDM KC DOM u are forcing us to play modes we all don't play? Pls let us know...
Happy Mothers day Mum, thanks for everything...
Why do I throw away so much of what I later need and keep so much of what I don't?
Eli Lilly has a plethora of opportunities ranging from sales to physicians. Stop by their booth to find out more!
Amazing reading the kind words about MCA from every corner of the artistic world.
COULD I GET AT LEAST 50 PEOPLE TO GET FREE NIKE AIR YEEZYS OF YOUR CHOICE BY NEXTWEEK! JUST REFER 25 BUYERS SIGN-UP @
Please! follow my best friend I followed you back! please follow!!
The worst thing someone can do is it pin something and NOT include where it came from or how to make it.
#milwaukee We repriced our retail $ for rock salt!! We are repricing the entire store actually- stay tuned for a BIG CELEBRATION!!! :)
Jet Ski Bash June 23rd Stay Tuned for Details
Thanks a ton lady darling it's actually May 22! Will you be there?!
Y won't this gout go away! This sucks
MISS YOU GUYS!
“: Training is underway at the 2012 Women's JO National Championships in Hampton, VA. Competition begins tomorrow.”
Chilling! Mad bored!
Wow! You look just like your dad!
Go to bed!
If you're jealous of him being/talking with other girls, you know you really care for him...
It's been a great day at the Eiteljorg Museum! Super excited to celebrate at the Contemporary Arts Party!
you should take me out
"Sweet Soul Sister" is an excellent Cult tune.
People are awesome. I'm going to make a YouTube video about how to watch campaign ads before this election.
or if of a lazier demeaner, take a brewery bus tour with us!
In 1860s-70s Republican-controlled state legislatures lifted bans bc believed in equality b4 the law, incl'g Ala., TX, Wash. Terr.
i get love from new york to california
Seattle winter weather thriller, Chapter Two: The Ice Storm.
Tonight ... The moon will shine at its fullest and brightest in this year #Amazing <3
Eric Reda: Artistic Pariah.
I hate myself for loving you.
Thanks for tweeting!
Just ran into my fabulous ex-colleague and friend downtown. What a lovely Friday afternoon treat _that_ was!
I assume you caught Hamilton's HR? Glad you saw him go yard. I have you in for a live hit at 5:20. Feel free to use "go yard".
yessir...cant complain on a 60 degree day in Feb i guess
Did you just congratulate me for reading?
Sure, you got it. And this is only the start. RT Thanks for the Tebow tweets!
thank you, love spending time with the kids! They are having a blast!
Baseball game vs tommorow oh ya ;)
Tyson's punch was wasted on that talentless hack, lol.
Is he actually a homosexual or.
LOL their first 3 (and probably their only 3) games :)
Come on, David.
But I've never been one to kiss and tel #rascal😘
It's fun talking movies with Lil Ninja. He recognized Jeremy Renner in Avengers from Mission Impossible. My mini film geek.
I did trust you. I told you. Everything. That was hard. I never told anyone exactly everything. But I told you..and we did stuff.
how often do you play racquetball with your friend? let us know if you need tips or advice.
Happy memorial day!
Friday is my 14th birthday!!!!!!!!! I can't freakin' wait!!!!
Hello ulcer my old friend . ... =(
you still in Chicago?
Yeah rehearsal went great. I'm excited to get to filming
i remember u too lol :)
I took a nap! It was heavenly and something I haven't done in a very long time. How about you???
Lovingg the New Song Moves Like Jagger By !! I can't get it out of my head:)
Listening to freshmen and sophomores evaluate the year and our use of technology. Very interesting!
RT : God's first language is Silence. Everything else is a translation. -Thomas Keating
has the best swag.
it was great! Thanks for askin :)
working tonight dont feel like it!
I moved into a group house in college; one of my housemates was pretty cute; 6 years later I call that same cute boy "fiancé"
caught up in the madness I see
RT pop up shop was crazy... good time chillin with and mike tony from design
taking notes on presenters slides with PDF Creator on TabletPC while participating on iMac
Boy u look like u in pain on dat Avi lol
The 70's looks like a great time. I would have been a disco queen
I do!
stop smoking cigarettes! You're too beautiful for that shit yosh
Well I guess Finley has scored 3 now, but the question still stands, haha.
MY NAMES TYSON!! but im a girl
Thanks man, we actually are gonna edit together a little video medley after Summerfest. And yeah, we're PUMPED to play with them
haha its ok sweetie!! [: i didnt find it stalkerish ♥
You sure do know how to make me mad .
Thanks Erik, I will tell Tiger you say hello.
Happy Valentines day!! Who has special plans?
I know oomf is doing damage control right now lol
WHY DO PEOPLE ASK ME OUT ON FACEBOOK?
The guys sitting next to me at the bar are having an earlobe-stretching contest...???
damn that's my birthday bro! Lol I don't think I can man thanks though
happy st. patrick's day.
I have no idea what Henrik was thinking about with that last goal...
Great to meet you last night Stephanie.
I have a feeling that is going to be the inspiration for my thesis project next semester. Kind of excited about it, tbh!
Ugh, its like I'm in labor all over again but I'm not even pregnant!
RT : Q2: What do u wish u had known b4 that u know now about running a biz while raising a family? (pls rt)
packers > homework
Welcome to ICTC!! :)
Best combo ever: #Twitter and
"Long term success is the result of small victories we accumulate every day." -- Rick Pitino
putting one in the air 4 my Boy Blaylock in 3..2..1 blastoff ..ignition we have lift off only the best rocket fiel YEA!
I seem to butt-tweet.
Hoes always get beside themselves when they think they are doing something!
is gearing up for another fun filled weekend! Contact us for your next special event! (405)447-2446 www.okcpartybus.com
FT: May not do entire building tour on first day next time. It could be overwhelming
no more :P
Good to know. :)
YES! BREATHE
#CentralFL, how did your family celebrate #MothersDay?
The peacock looking dress?
yes! I am out with lauren rt nowm
why is the redline so hot? I want to die
yes all 600k people who voted for him today live in Waukesha.
although, what's with general public loving to wreck shots if they see an unguarded camera? You've heard it all I'm sure!
Worth noting: in Burlingame, California, they have people at bars who randomly yell out catch phrases from Storage Wars.
Hm....if the Heat don't win a title I think Orlando's GM should be on the phone tryna trade Dwight for Bron or Dwade.
I was there for you. Remember that.
That game turned into a nail biter, but the win makes being cold and in Maryland totally worth it.
Made a LinkedIn account in hopes for recruitment!
Lionel Richie #Easy Like Sunday Morning
My dad thought it was funny to hang a chucky doll on my door...fuckkk that!!
Congratulations to Christian Kramme! He books a print job which will land him on the cover of a new book!
Mmmyyes. I concur. :]
with every bit of me my man. I believe. But I'm terrified and frustrated.
its gonna happen in 25 minutes
Plenty of seats still available for the U of L-Davidson game.
Hows the tanning going ? Im jealous
Trying to explain to someone who knows nothing about grown men and their hip-hop toys is grounds for dumb stares.
Ariana is so sweet to attend her friend's graduation during her tight schedule. Ari doesn't let fame get in the way of the people she loves♥
thanks it's a real great spot. Making lots of hits
Milwaukee, your clouds are really screwing up my super moon festivities--namely looking at it and saying "Well I guess it looks bigger."
If Charles Barkely was my college professor, I would probably fail his class.
Brazil is where I wanna live and I will live there
with wedding planning done, on to mom's bday and Sam's 30th in 3 weeks. I love planning things!
haha!! Yep! Should be anyway. Lol
They like who I am but is in love with the person I have potential to be..
what up with your icon? I like it!
Pennies and dimes for a kiss
What would I do without my best friends ?!
I would hate to have the thunder or the heat defend my team
Sorry, no hints yet just keep watching our twitter and LiveNation.com for info!
you will be new Light Heavyweight UFC Champs!!!! :-)
i know how you feel nick<3333
Yeah, a photo via Flickr that they probably didn't get permission or pay to use.
basically the best show ever
What's that RT I learned a BIG lesson today
its amazing how many peoples bios involve: i love music. i love food.
I graduated in 1967 with dbl major in psych & English. It has served me well.
Bring me some :> RT : Chicken wings & fries plus oranage soda
good luck! Thinking of you!
if you love someone, be brave enough to tell them, otherwise, be brave enough to watch them be loved by someone else.
Hey Mac! Please check out and follow a great touring Atlanta, GA band on twitter and youtube, :)
They arrested someone and now the protesters are frenzied.
These new discoveries and inventions have been, in many ways.
Lets address this: there are Digital natives - kids who have grown up with technology- and the between adults who teach them.
omg well that picture! Look at his twitter it's tylershamy
why is it not an option?! Chuck and Lynnard did it!
squats can cure that.
I got a bad bitch! Yea that bitch right! 👍
Snap the bitch in half.
#Christ is the answer.. #Forgiveness is the #key and #Love unlocks many doors.
Congrats on going vegan. A friend did it a few mos ago & he's happier/healthier than ever.
Summerville, NC. Anyone heard of it?
Congratulations to Forsyth Medical Center on the new Maya Angelou Center for Women's Health and Wellnes. Great for the community.
Looks like I'm watching Harry Potter all night.
I'm not kidding. Either way I am, tonight.
Awww, thank you :)
Wishing I was in Phoenix, AZ where it's a balmy 93 degrees.
they aren't even keeping a hand on him in the video - letting him walk around cycle - cops are way too laid back, I'd say.
Why was Mark Zuckerberg a no-show at today's Facebook pitch to Boston investors?
Don't know HOW we missed your shout out! THANKS SO MUCH! we hope you enjoyed it :)
Is it football season yet? ;-/
Hope you had a wonderful visit!
I decided to do homework at the library because it's quiet. But the guy sitting right in front of me is wheezing incredibly loud. D:
No doubt.
Develop the winning edge; small differences in your performance can lead to large differences in your results. -Brian Tracy
Hello world
why?? Lol jk okay“: text me”
i never under stood y i cant drink milk
HEy guys anyone read tweet well if u didnt read this go to hoods circle soon to get lemonade for a animal shelter
Most Relationships are like garage sales: At a distance it looks like it could be interesting...up close it's just a ton shit you don't ...
Went over to Southpoint to warm up for tomorrow, and ended up chopping their nightly tourney HU for five hundy. Just what I needed tbh.
Do you know what you want to achieve in life? Certain in your goals?
Shout out to the fam FREEWORLDMUZIC
#MyCelebCrushIs five boys from U.K.....ONE DIRECTION <3333333333333333333333
know you'd do the same for me bro :)
DEAD MAN WALKS
IEP success book available
Guess who want it
"Chase shareholders back Dimon" #yahoonews Of course! To him, 2 bil is like bus fare! Where'd I put it again?
Anyone wanna go to taco bell...? Anyone? Anyone...
i'm gonna go search for gold
They could use actual footage from this World Series Game 6 in the next Buffalo Wild Wings commercial.
Watching (the losers)
"The Last Cigarette Ever" episode of HIMYM is, uh, my FUCKING LIFE.
Mmmmwahahahaha ;-) RT : and I wish you the best as well.
and you're also going to follow me, right ? xo
The last day is always such a
to visit???
see you at both!
Pop quiz: What is virtual memory? Best answer gets a prize...
haha not yet at my next spot yessir believe
Just bought #TheLastWaltz by #TheBand on DVD. I'll watch it many times this week. Doing my part to honor the memory of Levon Helm.
Oh your starting roomers?
I'm going to push a new trend to stay home is when the kids are all moved out! imagine time and money at the same time.
waiting for tone to get donee.
your mom knows and likes me... you could have asked.
Just saw "The Fourth Kind" and it scared the crap out of me!
are free falling, someone please get them a parachute!
Thanks for the RT.
I was only trying to be nice! Dododo. #singerprobz :')
Lover, can you propose under the sea in a yellow submarine?
Lets make it happen. RT : thanks for the follow.. Hope to work with you soon!
sounds like the best plan. Enjoy!
Following trends trying to be like the next nigga
"I know it so well.. I know the Hustle so well." No you don't..
Studio time with
is it wrong to add a wireless printer to our baby registry? or a ipod dock? or a flat screen tv? #babykendall will use those eventually
thanks mentioning me...I really appreciate it!
Shatter every window till it's all blown away.
Tweet tweet
What if someone like you found someone like me. Then suddenly nothing would ever be the same.
Panelist for Good Growth warns for you to ".. be [FINANCIALLY] 'prepared' for the Long Haul".
Alan Watts~ Never pretend to a love which you do not actually feel for love is not ours to command.
We'll be in Los Angeles twice this month, and Las Vegas for Memorial Day Weekend. Who else is joining us in the sunny cities?
Thanks! It's so rude, they could just say ' that's so lame' or something else!
RT Today's Association Chat topic is Content Strategy at 2 pm ET! Join in the fun!
Highly technical, scholarly presentations on new technologies begin in a week and some students haven't yet picked a topic. *sigh*
and it is about winning. The kid wants to go to Marquette. Beyond the game they play head to head, that's #1 UW recruiting rival.
“: How many of you guys picked up a copy of the record today?” I did! It rocks!
fantastic. Glad to hear it! Enjoy the game!
I'd worry about elem reading H G without an accompanying discussion. The ethical/societal issues are pretty intense.
Watching Signs for the first time, by myself... Goodnes i hope i dont regret this.
I hate being away when isn't in a great mood 😔! don't worry I'll be back home soon!
good do you miss wowp?
From now until October, BAM is featuring photography from Clyde Butcher and Ray Baldino. Also, stop in to preview the upcoming exhibitions!
Think I'll lay here on the sofa and smile.
that is very helpful. Thanks talking hop bud!
Don't care what I look like,
they're just taking up voter id, as I understand it. Alec into so much more...
Been up all night at work, but couldn't go to sleep till I finished Mass Effect 2, pretty epic game.
work it!!
very true... I have quite narrowed it down yet... I'm really interested in travel, international affairs, and advertising.
Chelsea win by playing Palmetto Soccer
Nice slides of intriguing NOAA work with dataviz & interaction in virtual worlds
he was, but still had the confidence to take(and make) the game winner. Everyone isn't built like that
I so hope that, that someday comes fast! :) Do you have anything in common with him?
Must get on with things before it gets too late! Oh yeah, & I still have not had supper yet. What the heck?
Big things p0pin!!!
. This will be my 5th trip to Lambeau; son has been there dozens of times, a fan since he was 6 years old
Got my eyebrows threaded before work today... Lady asked me why my hair was so thick and curly. I say God must like me
can i have a new phone now or what?
life and happiness is what it's all about!!
Did you start the year off right, with some DeAngelis donuts and coffee?
I wanna bag you like some groceries
Hi Victoria! Can I get a one VICTORIATASTIC reply?? Please? :{))
$ha said she is going to make 2nd offical account! Yay! Follow her
Hey man y do some girls gotta be so dayum ffaakkee
I wish!!!! Things like that require a little more prep time for me though.. Eloping in your future? ;)
I guess i just dont get it. Another lonely holiday...
‎ Hey look, it's a double rainbow ...I'm pretty sure that means you're double gay.
Guys putting Saran wrap on the toilet only works for girls
ohh oops forgot about it...
Newyork apartment rentals & Newyork apartments for rent Search thousands of apartments with the apartment-advisor.com apartment listings.
If you are too concerned about money or fame then how can you be a true artist? Delve deeper into the art & have INTERGRITY instead.
Heda Rose on stage in DC burning it up with Jill Scott's/Raheem Devaughn Band live. Wicked!!
You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life.
Today is feast day of st mark the evangelist. Will be visiting his church in Venice in less than 3 weeks. Cheering up
d rose isn't playing
Thank you for all that you do for !
Hangin out with daughter and her friend @ "taste of Alpharetta". Its poppin!
->insert funny, witty, or smart ass comment here<-
Cleaning. All day.
THANK YOU.
hello hun check out my blog 4 a free preview of my book hope u enjoy it and get ur copy x
Today 1916: In anticipation of Prohibition, Pabst introduces its first non-alcoholic near-beer: Pablo.
We hope the weather stays clear tomorrow. If not, more time to organize the shop! We will be working rain or shine!!
If we run away, run away, now we won't ever look back.
TOMORROW @ 5! Poet Louise Gluck: reading and discussion in rm 421 affiliated with the Emma Lazarus Exhibit on display in lobby
I can't believe they didn't tell you! I'll have to keep you in the loop next time :] Shes very sweet! She might come to ATL
no love for the #Clippers, but no hate either. Glad to see them more competitive. They need to #DeportSterling though.
#wssmiami "Use the gift giving technique to have your message go viral." Annette Gray
exactly. I'd much rather spend my time doing things than tracking how long I've been doing things.
Derek Landri definitely worth bringing back for another year. See if last season was aberration. PFF had him as 4th most effective DT.
Remodeled clinic eases ordeal of chemotherapy
Ready to go hoop
Nobody wants to take blame for a bad sex session so the right thing to do is bring your A game (both parties)
Seriously, where's the regular season Blues, or the first round blues?
logo quiz will be the death of me.
pain is temporary, pride is forever. Tattooed on my side
I shoulda ate more broccoli as a kid. My chest pubes are lacking hardcore. The old bastards are right for once
The difference between Trayvon Martin & Zimmerman is basically Trayvon had his hood on and Zimmerman didn't! #I'm just sayin'
Sometimes u gotta b thankful 4 the blessings!
Starting LOST.
yes, email it and we will try to have the address changed before it gets shipped out.
right?! but there's nothing wrong with a good laugh ;)
you're right. we accidentally sent that to everyone :( our apologies.
If you're tryna match hit me the fuck up
Odd that makes me go through iTunes to add local music. Would rather just skip over iTunes; barely need it.
LOL hope cameras didn't take pics of u with the sticker!:)
Emily wants me to find Prince Charming... wtf.
Thanks Carey!
how was the bachelorette last night? 76ers/celtics had my attention. were all the guys there for the right reasons?
I agree! I was worried about this as well!
Ready for some playoff football? We are! come join us today. Bloody Mary bar, food and drink specials all day.
It never snows in Williamsburg.
Almost 1000 followers!
I hate to be the one to remind you of this, but here goes: we lose an hour of sleep tonight thanks to Daylight Fucked-Up Time.
That's interesting. Functions as a benefit auction on behalf of artists and collectors.
so do you have an extra ticket for me!!
Time to talk social, mobile and local...
Nice to see at
Be safe tonight. Assign a designated driver. Remember moderation is the key!
The future isn't something we enter, the future is something we create. - Leonard Sweet
you got your own place?! How are you feeling?
#MaydayParadeJake ox you could meet anyone, dead or alive, who would it be?
some people have to learn,some people wait their turn,some people but not me.... I was born a champion!!!
My mom just texted me that my sweet 16 year old dog Copper died this morning. I feel like my heart just got ripped out.
Q. What do you call a witch who lives at the beach? A. A sand-witch.
I won 10 dollars on and instant ticket... lol
#Android issue 23365 (can't run ant test on projects with libraries) killed me so bad. Finally found the bug & workaround!
i fell last night dirty dancing....
You bet, looking forward to your tweets!
OT in FLA. Good luck Devs and Cats - I'm going to bed
Looking good, handsome!! :) miss you a lot!!!
Still not sure if the red eye was the best choice, but I'm home and somewhat recovered after a six hour "nap"
I am such a wallflower.
Crying baby one row back on my plane does not work !!!
Too many kids in in-school suspension, disproportionately black males.
I swear I just heard a little puppy yelp in my apartment.
say sorry!!!
Smaller arts grants awarded for PBS shows
but braces make everything better. just kidding. they rlly dont.
Tonight I learned what Whiz time is... It was funny.
These children learn from cigarette burns, fast cars, fast women and cheap drinks.
ally! I hope it is all over
We always wish Kim the very BEST :)!
Murray State is good...that PG one of best in country glad I picked them to win this one.
yeah your right x3 teehee kant stop looking at me beautifully gorgeous babe x3
Oh yea! I like how it feels!! Tonight we can fly!
Justin performed on stage with a broken leg and people still hated on him. sad sad people.
i've been up since 7. It's too early. I wanna be sleeping not on my way to a soccer game.
Chilly night with an official low at RIA of 22. Cold temperatures will persist today with highs in the upper 30's along with sunny skies.
Blackened chicken sandwich special for today!
out of a bowl, word, then I had like 90percent odds of winning, but didn't win, if u search ssgmusic u can see all the tweets
Yes, but I'm all for it.
Thanks! I was there, i didnt see her, but i did see Prince Harry
Im looking forward to the Pack Vs Rams game. I just moved to Missouri and im going to the game
U.S. Stocks mostly rose by late afternoon trade, with financial shares taking the lead as investors shrugged off Europe's election results.
Right back atcha! RT : , thank you for the good work that you do!
hey girl
Go buy a frozen turkey and take it to #Donuts for turkeys at
Seriously. He has one job.
1st has Mingo ever elected a female County Clerk? Second, were Diamond's allegations to pass the blame on to someone else?
you're preaching to the choir. I tweeted that link a dozen times.
where did u hear this?
liking early Seatle recomendations, Melvins and The Fastbacks especially, just pulled up Hype...I heard of it but never watched it
2 big guys up front inmiller and schwartz to go with thomas, alex, pinkston and lauvao was a smart move
It smells like the ocean in town today. My favorite!
Wow nice day in austin for flipping tires!
I usually take my tree down on January 1st. What about you guys? :-)
World premiere of Bryce Dessner's St. Carolyn by the Sea up next, inspired by Kerouac's Big Sur.
Being hungry and jet lagged past the point of exhaustion is a volatile combination. I better take a long nap today..
Just passed Running Times self-test for readiness for minimalist shoes. Whew!
if ur using Photoshop pick - psd
<~~~ is in love with the Wordpress app he discovered for his phone. It's the little things, yanno?
I wish I could! Sound like it's going to be a fun night!!
“Those who dance are considered insane by those who cannot hear the music.” ― George Carlin
I started my first job out of law school 31 years ago today
Why'd I do that? lol...
Thanks to New Girl, I keep calling Merlot the slut of the vineyard.
Moonpies #Talladega media center..totally shocked. Was expecting carrots and apples.
Wow. Just, wow...RT NYT NEWS ALERT: Judge Sets Bail at $150,000 for Shooter in Trayvon Martin Case
Cooking up a promotion for May that will blow your minds
Responded to FIRE @ 1253 Rogers Ave, Brooklyn, NY 11226 and helped 15 Residents. Red Cross auto update.
I get jealous way too easily, but atleast it shows i care.
Is the best person ever!
Working On My Mixtape Might Perform Somewhere Pretty Soon-KaeSmoove
You'd think people would remember this little thing called religious freedom, and that we are a nation of all religions as well as atheists.
wait hold on but me and still have to make this trip to red lobster eventually.
solid spring break
Hello everyone! I'm new to this so give me a minute! :)
Bought some SINA call options today with the stock at 63.25. When the Facebook IPO comes next month, look for social media stocks like SIN…
Happy Cinco de Mayo to all of our followers!
We officially recognize all moms today. We humbly, gratefully, & w/much adoration thank them for what they do every other day. Thanks Mom!!
Why don't more women wear dresses like in the 1940's?
We are proud sponsors of a 5K Charity run/walk for ... run with us tomorrow! www.kickitforkenya.com
there is always next year, although you will be missed!
Facebook users can find us at ... facebook.com/Orangegroves
Ugh this is why I hate going to bed past 10 on a damn school day, I feel like they poured Benadryl in mg veins.
check out tom pepe's song cupatea and my first song to see if you like that for violin rap
I know! I logged on the other day and Poof! everything changed. Getting used to it though.
She's right too, at least there aren't any dead animals.
I hate you bro! Leo is going this Friday again :')
Just bought a fish from walmart. Named it Kanye. And, he's gay. Hopefully someone else besides me gets it..
Double woo!
Say girl, say, happy birthday
I dont have pix of them lol
See you there! #GetAmbushed RT : Excited for Saturday with
i just followed everyone on here on instagram
Four days until my Birthday!
I hate mrs dehont Uggh she is so annoying
Still in bed
Yes, I'm good. Thank you. I had to take a break. I might re-activate it one day.
What's done is done. Fuck it
heeyy, so you haven't noticed me like ever :/ & you missed my birthday like 2 months ago
#sportingkc lost today...let the overreaction and doomsday talk begin!
This is what makes twitter & Facebook a great marketing medium in this age of advertising and promoting your service or product
don't worry, it's not
Always a good time -- finish you're studying so we can go back for round 2
World Cup - Blatter concerned by Brazil delays
wait a minute.....this kids a douchebag!
My last tweet was in reference to my complicated friends with benefits relationship I've embarked on with my doorman
RT : Start sending your questions for the artists now!
Thought you would! If you've ever heard cicadas...analogy resonated.
#padres home opener!!!!!
I'm not masturbating but, I'm feeling myself.
we are til 8 if you stop by i'll give you one..#kop now owes me :)
Would anyone be willing to do Bar Louie? Our agency is doing HH there at 4. Let me know :)
Thank you so much to everyone that attended our event Thursday! It was an amazing turn out and we really appreciate it.
Definitely got the Bud light platinum randomly at CVS this morning w/o realizing its like their new vehicle product
Want to help 27 million slaves be freed? Download song 2day. Please do it now! Has moved from #62 to #50 in hour. We want 2 get to #1 2day!
Allways been a bad bitch never been a stupid bitch.
Really happy it holds up on multiple viewings!
Babe is sleeping over !
Moment of lightness in morning news: learning from on that Warren Buffett will sing in China's Spring Festival.
Who is tweeting?
The Vicious Red Relic, Love, by former punk frontwoman Anna Joy Springer, is making gorgeous waves throughout the literary world. Now work…
right now?
its like the toostie roll commercial now bc ill never knw
Happy Holidays from !
Just noticed was my 1,000th follow!
United airlines is completely inept...this "company" is ripe for disruption.
I grew up in New York City, Since I was born on Broadway, baby! Black Jesus † Amen Fashion ,, Celebrate Uh Uh Uh ,, Black Jesus x3 On The ♥
My goodness bunch of weirdos
A small body of determined spirits fired by an unquenchable faith in their mission can alter the course of history. Mahatma Gandhi
Raise your hand if you hooked up at #ala10. No? You have 24 hours. THERE IS STILL TIME.
I felt Tyler Perry thru the T.V. that was deep
How's that gameface coming along? I am abt to begin calling bars to see if I can find a TV on which to watch this epic tilt.
Came in the game like speedy Gonzalez
No one ever gives me back what I give them
RT Work hard at what you love. Never give up. Let your results speak louder than the haters words. Repeat.
Da Bitches We Argue About Irrelavent. I Don't Even Remember I Prolly Was Hella Bent. .
I could reach in 2...from #17 tee.
“Prediction is very difficult, especially about the future.” ― Niels Bohr
then come and eat off our SIMPLE & FIT menu at IHOP !
RT!!! Come Dance with me tonight 730pm!!!
Show this fri, 7/8 at Ye Old Town Inn in Mt Prospect. 8:30 with friends! Come get rocked! Shirts and CDs available.
Because they enjoy the irony? :)
wtf.have you been?
Tweaked elbow has left be doing mostly legs for 2 weeks...Feeling like the hulk is building up inside. I WANT TO MOVE SOMETHING HEAVY!!
Scream the things you could never say.
oh yea man watsup...u gotta get a pic on your twitter bro lol
I did hear these guys at sxsw
solo in NYC right now, everybody workin except me- so what the hell am i supposed to do
Hey, look at our new logo for #MLA13!
I should have bought Willow at Target, now every store is closed.
Hello world. OHC on twitter is back!! Follow me =D
RT : This is the dumbest football team in the history of the world.
last night was amazing!!! Hope to see you guys again soon!!!
Any word on Rice or Flacco signing with the #Ravens before season starts?
I am tweeting from my grave cause Justin has finally killed me.
Wow, #Penguins. Wth are you guys doing?
If metro drops my call one more fucking time....
- great paper! Thanks! And timely - we are in the middle of our first serious epub project.
I can't even process the thought of watching the finale :(
Today was so weird but fun :) .............maybe this week hasn't been as bad as i thought
I'm scary spice
dude, if you want your 90's kick, go watch cant hardly wait. m jennifer love hewitt
where you be
Yea I Still Care About U But How Much Should I When Ur Not My Woman?
Don't think I can make it to Gwar tomorrow, so I may have to make a showing at the HOG meet & greet at 3
finally opening grad gifts and cards...
#Badgers are a 4 seed and will face the Montana Grizzlies in Albuquerque
Goddess of History.
damn she mad -.- she really said "my new boyfriend "... -.-''
2012 Ms. SF Leather is on October 27th! Save the date!
CD Mastering, Online Mastering, Audio Mastering, Mixtape Mastering 48hr Master One Place
You too :-)) RT Hope you all have a day filled with joy and cooperative people :).
When life gives you Mike's Hard Lemonade, you're probably gay.
I have to go to work and I look like I have two black eyes.... Wtf
This series is both awesome & agonizing! Back-and-forth-&-back-and-forth!
Don't see the e-book exhibitors talk, was it recorded?
Have you guys hear the song 'Trouble' by Never Shout Never?
RT : Shout out 2 the ladies! Carpe diem! "The thing women have yet to learn is nobody gives u power. U just take it."Roseanne Barr
Wen I get retweed I feel like a motherfuckin superstar
In honor of first parade, we'll be featuring a "Night" image from our historic Mardi Gras archives on our FB page tomorrow
you should make a twitter for Mirror Shane :D
Thank you!
- yeah, well…compared to Florida, we don't have bugs. :) I see ants and moths, grasshoppers…uh…bees/wasps…flies…
Why should you be content with so little? Why shouldn't you reach out for something big? - Charles L. Allen
But I'm tired of rapping off of people's beats,I wanna make my own.
the blondetourage is about to get blonder.
thank you! Hope you're enjoying #peru!
I'm going to be an AUNT!!!! Congrats to my brother and his wife! Naturally I'm going to be the best aunt ever!
#Love Food...good for the soul...
Dont forget 2 come over to Paradigm Gardens this weekend for our Summer Blowout Sale! Most products are 10%-75% Off.
Thank you!
burbank is the best airport! so chill, waiting for my flight to SFO and then on to DC for the screening at Museum of the American Indian
it was Casper
this track "Blue Moon" by is smoking...it's making my work day a lot smoother..
my parents say I can't either! :(
careful. It's like the joke about being the smartest man in the room: You're in the wrong "room."
I know that I am here and you are there, but we still have our love
..with the fan support needed to bring on higher $ players. That's what worked in the 90's & that's what's needed now.
what astonishes me most is that you'd have to pad a resume to get that job...
make two dreams come true but following me nd 1
it is, and the fact that's she's dead serious makes it even better
RT - Smh... somebody just asked me if jacksonville still had da Jaguars....*sighs* I'm go sit back down before I hurt ...
I like that.
-smiles sweetly, showing my dimples- Hello there.
best mussels ever, and great music. see you there
These chicks crazy
I think that the modeling I'm watching now are stupid and is not organized properly they are complicated
Thank you, thank you!
Singing! I knew Barnbaum would deliver.
n u didnt invite me?
Cody Jasper is one his generations best guitarists.
I'm not sure what I did to deserve this, but I'll take it. Thank you, thank you, thank you.
I know I'm not perfect -and I don't live to be- but before you start pointing fingers make sure you hands are clean!” ― Bob Marley
Happy Birthday to the best linebacker in the history of the game !
Obedience is the mother of success and is wedded to safety
are you doing active or all time?
ash.....miss you all!......are you in georgia?
We share the same taste in cuisine LOL
WATCH LIVE: News conference at landfill on search for 5-year-old
Online ticket sales end at noon. A limited number of tickets available at our admissions area beginning at 2 pm. Cheers!
It's really hard to drunk text when you can't see
Watching the news... Two teachers got into a fight
RT : a big dont is to stop adapting,or stop learning. The world is constantly evolving
no more rules...let the music set you free!!!
Tweeting my twitterific thoughts on the matter of my paper slogging atm
we have to make good ole Opperman proud!
#I #fucking #hate #people #I #really #do. PrincessCiera
#nowplaying Truth of A Liar - August Burns Red
We need to sell ourselves and tell our story. -Diane Reiss, professor , on how to keep women in academe.
We've had food trucks driven in but never an oven! Very exciting :)
i like my girls head south and they ass north----> #Cking*
ya da Knicks had a good season i think its gone 4-0 sweep
I'm about to go from ashy to classy.
Simple. RT : Truth, relevance, unselfishness, simplicity, timing - TRUST leads to #likeability -
Don't mind me if I get weak in the knees. You have that effect on me. You do.
I hate I can never fall asleep once I'm up -.-
Thanks, Dan! You sure are swell!
Dave can you start calling the race early I have to go to work?
You can now get your big-ass sandwiches with The "pay with " app, open a tab, order and you're done!
"There aren't many things you're good at, but being a fucking creep is one though." My coworker. Spot on.
we're pretty close to Canada, so come on up. I think we can take a boat there, btw.
Wish someone would bring me tres leches
A brutal schedule. RT : If #Nuggets complete rally and win first round, they would open semis at #Thunder on Monday night.
I had bets on
Hey you stupid fucks......when you go drink at Sauvies, take your fucking trash with you. Don't be a piece of shit.
I was just going to tell you you need to listen to it!
Students who may have a non-business undergraduate degree looking to enter the field of business will also benefit from this program.
And based on his performance tonight, Dwight's doing his best to get SVG fired on the court too.
I been sleeping allday
": Did the celtics already play?" Blew philly out
How fun! Tell him I said hi! Greetings from West Texas to West Virginia to Kunming :-)
Cotto! Cotto! Cotto! Such a close fight. Two rounds to go and it very well could be even right now.
Your library is now open 24/7 until May 8. Good luck on the final papers and final exams!
Avs overpaid! Caps gotta B happy to get so much for a player not in longterm plans. I wish Broncos could trade Orton for a #1 & #2!
Please pretty please follow me! love you xoxo<37
On the job search? RT : Google your name + name of most recent employer. What comes up (or not) is more important than resume or CV.
Wood Ranch BBQ on a Saturday afternoon :-)
been to sleep twice today!? Mono, I went to bed at 5am, got up at 10am stayed up, went to work till midnight, and...
N it definitely was a waste of time and #tragic cuz he came in the house too late bt im not mad i understand y
Lets rewind to 7 months ago so i can be esley the good girl again :p RT : okay okay your not:) & dont we all!!!
Hope Griffin is okay
Melloy Dodge needs good used cars! Trade yours in for $5000 over KBB.
The Movie Sensei officially gives #Contagion the Red Belt Status! To see the Sensei's rating system, click here: twitpic.com/4g2t8k
Chrome was being a real jerk this morning, so I am relegated back down to Firefox.
Did u tell him??
Want to easily tell your fans where youre cooking? Fill em in on Antengo a free app with real-time, location-based classifieds
People say girls are attracted to guys who are like their fathers. Not me. The guys I date call me back.
Thank You, Sallie! Ur a sweet Blessing! {Hug} :)
Yall sure did keep up the good work
Brewers! Brewers! Brewers! Brewers! Brewers! I'm so flipping excited, I don't even know what to write.
Thanks for the Retweet! We are looking forward to it.
Thanks for letting me share DC story. Dave you did a great job playing host!
« #oomf a Freak with these tweets»
It was #Adele with the broken vodka bottle in the hash bar. R.I.P Amy!
We might burn like gasoline & fire, but it's a chance we'll have to take.
that is the best horse_ tweet in a while
Delta Passengers filmed the bird strike that hit the engine of the plane they were on! Delta complaining iPad should have been turned off?
And just realized that two weeks from Tuesday I start the Fruit Feast cleanse. Blinking. Blinking some more. haha
youre the greatest
what u mean no explanation I'm tryna figure out what u mean
i haven't seen the books. A Markakis, Roberts and (presumably) a Jones contract won't break a franchise.
the problem is people are addicted and can't give it up. Fans spend a ton on this game and nowadays extra $ are scarce.
yup I am. Listening?
How To Train Your Dragon can not open soon enough! I feel like it should have opened in Jan! Can I move on to Iron Man 2 and Shrek 4 yet?
Great web site! You mention Quality Management Assessor this is interesting, any more data on this available?
i think i peaked creatively with my UM-commissioned collection of Spanish children's songs...
Its boring!!!
Having a favorite/home team sets you for disappointment 19 out of 20 years.
Fantastic day shooting the diner scene and museum scene getting ready for nights this week - gotta have a lot of coffee :)
Pro-love is your #rapture out of a world of hate.
OH: re: Housing Shortage in San Diego -"They aren't making more dirt, but they are still making more babies! "
good rest for the Big 3, Neal, Leonard, and Jackson.
yhur birthday is 2maro.. we will talk about it then. Lol
I'm STILL at the bowling ally but their playing boyfriend by justin bieber<3
"A general air of tension, marked by frequent bursts of laughter, seems to pervade the throng."- THE STRAW
That picture is rad. I'm completely jealous. Have a blast man!
Just keep spinning just keep spinning
thank you!! I love them they add a different touch and keep me warm :)
#ALLIN ready for the War Sunday Mario!! Good luck and Go Big Blue!!!
following back
., feel like making a dream come true on this fine Friday? It's easy: just wish a very happy birthday.
Follow the beautiful n get a S/O n an #InstantFollowBack!!
I'd be interested to read studies of the types of libraries (public, academic, etc) that are most active on twitter/FB.
That's not very friendly, is it?
ha #bringthenoise and cute crying babies too! “: Are you implying we were super noisy? :)”
The thing scratching my window :(
they slow u down and give u bad reps i feel ya!
Just got off the phone with my daddy #TeamCeltics 💚🍀💚🍀💚
Last night must have been that awesome
Question(no offense to anyone): when the fuck did we start following Justin Bieber? -Damien Wolfe
Check it out! Representing
if says ok then we can!
this pitcher is trying to take out their kneecaps!
We're off to the Federal for dinner before the show, Ryan Roberts Trio with Matt Yeakley.
Apartment fire. All residents safe. This includes my mother. Red Cross called. Fire Dept investigating. Bldg standing but totaled.
lmfao at Herd right now lol
Last tweet for you. I know you don't want to know someone who makes cupcakes like that.
Great show last night! Bollywood was amazing! You and do a great job! Cant wait to be on a show like
I don't mind if your not going to help me, but stop working against me
Happy birthday to my beautiful and remarkable wife, ! I learn from her everyday.
lol I was bout to say , and thanks
LMAO. Im good bro. cant complain. Workin on a new Tape as well bro.
Just ran the Columbus 10k - my first race - in under an hour and feeling great! Time for some serious lunch action.
Nice to see KU didn't show up 2nite. Bad for my bracket but good for big ten.
Are you going to take a fancy photo for it?
The Marlins are going to sign Heath Bell
Well, on the bright side, the REAL bullpen didn't get used. Pomerantz looked damn good.
I wonder the same thing every time I see that commercial!
Leyland on Inge/Raburn struggling "thats just part of the game, they have to fight their way out of it and I'm sure that will happen"
Dudes, how was #Wits on Friday?
Looking forward to the BCBG show & seeing the new Fashion Week set-up.
Your Twitter entry for the Valentines Day Giveaway is in! Good luck!
If your in SAG or AFTRA, please support
So what is your vote iphone or Android?.... so far iPhone leading
Tiao He Cleanse: $43 Intensive full body cleansing became popular bc the synergistic effect of the 6 products created a remarkable result!
What other game would I bring? RT : you better bring your A game to Carlsbad!
this is why ticks are so scary- they can survive almost anything!
I DM you my #
i just want school to be over and brad paisley to come sooner
Addicted to the Adam Corolla podcasts!!!
damn! that foot...she missed it and got all curled up in a ball. my hands are now sweaty but was grt to hear that click of the draw
SHOT"S GO OUT TO ON THE COME UP SHOW ..TUIN IN IN THREE MINS..ASAP!!
lol already did
Damn it Brandon - Porcello not gonna make it out the 1st inning
Nobody is perfect. Thats why pencils come with erasers(:
Will I see you at one of my summer signings?
Song's an island sounding party song called "chuck my money"
C u Next Tuesday!
Lotsa zine events happening in the week leading up to the fest...
not at all
lolz! Lies & more lies
I got a ATL necklace from hot topic anyone wanna see it no ok 
Tweeting in Spanish >>>
Thanks for the follow! We look forward to reading your tweets
Any suggestions on good Marketing books?
do you do any other shows ? ;)
lol It is possible that is what I am talking about!
Darmen? Sounds like your barista missed his morning coffee. lol
This is the absolute worst-case scenario that the #Caps could have hoped for. They are being outplayed in the first five minutes.
Just ordered my new Droid X phone - very exciting! I'll update upon arrival next Friday! Thanks for the recommendation, !
haha!:P and thanks!!:)
So happy Michigan won. GO BLUE... WE won the BIG 10 title, well with 2 others but still we won!
I'm a sucker for a fancy lower-case g.
yes I am
man my ankle hurt
Yes, I love him.
when i saw his face i started screaming.
LMAO no omfg, but those are my favorites. I would imagine they'd be making a new one in the future, it was really popular
#RunningQuote: "Running is the greatest metaphor for life, because you get out of it what you put into it." -Oprah Winfrey
working on an imprinted sunglass request. Not only perfect for summer, but wonderful for winter and snow events!
Check out my NFL selections and picks video on www.thechiefsports.com See why I took the Rams, Niners, Chargers, Jags and Bengals
First the Crosby Sweepstakes, now the Jagr Sweepstakes? Come on people. He can still score, but he only has a year or two left in him.
we know you recently posted about biking in #Indy - check out our new MTB series & share if you think followers would enjoy! :)
Money talks boosie will walk
i miss seeing around. her ass went GHOST.
Absolutely. Great moves to give Luck help.
Just finished new stone collection "Metamorphosis ". From Ordinary to Extraordinary!! Coming soon to
"If you don't like what's being said, change the conversation."
We don't even have to do anything exciting or fun...I just wanna spend time with you.
Forgot to tell you how much we loved you on #Torchwood. Great reverse head shot! (scooter guy & son from Minchin show)
Is it weird when I eat m&ms I make sure I eat all the other colors first so I end up with only Gator/Broncos colors?
Word. I'm 3K miles away. RT : Don't take living near your family for granted
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ Nothing is as terrible to see as ignorance in action.
THAT MOVIE WAS SO GOOD!
Major turf war for the last few days. Drive by clawings.
niocee~ I always think of it when its rains:3!
I am unlike anyone you have or ever will see
"I couldn't wait for success, so I went ahead without it" - Jonathan Winters
Stop by registration to get your Melbourne cup horse.
It's 4/20? Happyy Birthdaay Lint-Licker! Even though we're cousins, we act like brother & sister. I love you! Don't get too crazy tonight!
I made a quote just like this in a diff picture about blue eyes but then I lost it then I found this pic and I was happy
Thanks for the original tweet. It's indeed a sad day for the wild rumpus of young readers' lit.
Gnite..Happy Birthday Mom!
Porcello's cut sleeves are shorter than normal.
i didn't find any tickets, but i'll be in NYC on new years eve already. Can we still hang out :)
My boy Nemanja is 21!!! Happy birthday man.
RT : TNT's Steve Kerr on the #Lakers: "This just doesn't look like a championship team."
Fresh out the shower
well i said it would be chippy just had no idea it'd be in my neck of the woods and not just on the court...
Thank you for ur support!
If we do lose well keep it close
Get your cameras out! Super nova full moon Tonight - Brightest and LARGEST it'll ever be ! Best view at 8:35
RT I need volunteers to go through a Community Manager Foundations class I'm developing with Argyle Social.
: " music always catchy make you sing it all day"duh
wanna go skating?
So true! Learning rules.
at dca waiting for blue line
I just love coffee it simply makes me all happy and warm and fuzzy. Also let's me forget the fact that I got 4 hours of sleep last night😱
Watching on blogtv. It's been at least 6 months since the last time I watched a blog. I've missed it. ❤
we can say that Ihop is giving away pancakes in response to Denny's free grand slam breakfast offer
It's not me, it's you. Actually, it's the taxidermy of you and me.
I start work tomarrow finally :)
It's ironic that #SecretAvengers is the best G.I. Joe book that's actually NOT G.I. Joe.
Sexy salsa but lame talking by the other football player
Guess who's giving presentations at four Bay Area REI's this summer? Teddy Roosevelt. Just kidding - he's dead. It's me.
Just saw Gwen Ifill from PBS Newt HQ. He's on his way to give his victory speech. We never partied with Republicans before.
dogs in strollers, sitars, pianos; gosh I love Washington Square Park
If you criticized Lebron a month ago for choking in the finals, you better criticize these girls, cuz they just did the same damn thing
Facebook: "What's on your mind?" Twitter: "What's happening?" Myspace: "Where did everybody go!?" (Stolen)
develop more easy-to-use apps for Mac to have fun on Apple devices.
Follow me please! I Love you so much 1-4-3♥, never change! You're amazing. I'm addicted to #SoListen. I'm Uruguayan! I Love You
#Heat-Lakers um the LAKERS r going to win whos watching the game and paying attention to the score cuz i am and its looking pretty good!
Looks like the crowds are definitely back downtown. Good to see you all
the "ecosystem" drawing we put on the napkin last night was our attempt at a start.
Going shoe shopping after work today. Do they make light up shoes for adults? Let's hope so! Going for it.
RT : Time for #runchat so you all have been forewarned.
Not awesome: tummy still hates me. - happy happy birthday if I don't make it later!
#CanIBeHonestWithYou ? I love you. a lot.
I used to want to be a scene model, but I grew up. It's time you do to. ;)
Got big plans for tonight? We do! #PinterestParty 7PM tonight with Join in!
#mobprocconf collateral surveillance and power asymmetry (referencing licoppe)
what you buy every gun they have in call of duty?!
This version of the iPhone software (2.2.1) is the current version. Damn
next 1st take, one on one, Stephen A vs. Skip. My moneys on Skip!
I own the DVD.
Finally seeing #ThinkLikeAMan !! Still a sold out crowd, in a few days I will see
agreed. It's baffling that the only formal communication b/w GUSA and funding boards is through a Senate committee
Updating 8 portfolios is a lot of work!!
are you coming to our #Women-Owned #Business #Networking Social on 3/20 ?
all we have is now, the only constant we know and never understand
Stickn to my plan for 2012
The Truth just dropped a Tebow!!!!
Divine cooperation and synchronicity are established in my consciousness, my experience and my expression.
I go to bed with anxiety I wake up with anxiety.. just wonderful
what r the odds that political corruption in Il. Will evr b cleaned up
Happy St.Patricks Day to you too!
More like what I'm gonna do
Emailing, as you suggested, following my ping of yesterday ...
Washington Business Journal named Maslow the #1 #Media Production Company for 2012!! TY for this great honor.
school lunch is so nasty.....
wishin I didnt have to explain this to Joshua!
Madden: need to make sure all criminal justice programs are evaluated, set goals and require them to report results.
RT “: I love you. You are the object of my affection and the object of my sentence. ― Mignon Fogarty"
So many problems could be solved by many Michael Keatons.
We, The home of the WICKED are so pumped for the Boston Red Sox to start! #KeepUpTheGoodWorkInFL #BostonOnTheRun Follow back??
Appreciate all the followers&retweets :)
I was born a leader the only time I might follow is on twitter.
Check us out on Facebook: Coastal Aquatic Creations
lol, yeah right
im on my way home(:
Results are in! SPJ Awards winners are posted at www.spjsandiego.org. Look for your name & join us at awards banquet July 7!
Me 2! C u there! MT is looking forward to presenting at the 2012 American Studies Association meeting in San Juan Puerto Rico!
Dawn... you made it, welcome!
Final score: Virginia 5 NC State 1
Tosa had a house fire earlier @ 2409 N 63, 1 smoke victim. Nothing going on now, just waiting for
thanks for mentioning Devon! He is an inspiration and it gives the kids at Eaglecrest something to root for!
Fabulous session with on facilitating online learning! OMG!
No class tomorrow. Happy labor day.
You never know just how the story ends or how the story goes.
you dont honestly think im not already following do you?
photo of typo shirt please?
just followed u now follow me twizzler lol rabies
Too exhausted to keep reading tweets. Mentally drained now. Exit light. Enter night. Take my hand. Off to never never land...
T minus 63 minutes.... #Go Blue! Sparty sucks!
okay awesome! Haha I didn't either!
so proud of ur kalbi jim. For record, mama DID serve it like that
excited #edcamphilly on Saturday, always a joy to surround myself with passionate educators, giving up a full Saturday to connect and learn
RT : I don't know how to do this stuff well but I hope you got my congrats. I'm in Showboat w/Joel. He is funny []
Daily Special, Tue 05/15/12 - Roast beef, ham, turkey, choice american/swiss, lettuce/tomato/pickle/onion, on italian roll, w/ FF. $6.09 RT
dude. I saw you today in your car and might I say, you have an awesome car.
Thanks Christy!! I'm super excited about it #BeanTastic!!
IB tests, meaning i can chill all day in class. all day.
You could be watching the 678th GOP debate with the rest of us : tree of life...tree of boredom.
Great job on your spoken word performance #JyreikaGuest. Thanks for being a #FreedomFighter at
Big run by the Illini....need Leonard to go off or I have no chance in this $5 Big Ten game...
Avant made me so mad today.
Now that the dust has settled, I have to admit: I wasn't a fan of the "Swagger Wagon" video. There, I said it.
#Scandal is the type of show you sip some brown liquor while watching. It's that intense.
When I want to do something I always think "would a dumb person do that?" If they do, then I do not do such thing.
Did you see #MySinatra this past weekend? Tell us what you think!
Do you know what always annoyed me? That for all seven seasons of Voyager they wore the old DS9/TNG uniforms. Yeah I know, nitpicking.
Crunch time
Good luck tonight!
guess whose defense I have playing this week :-(
RT “: You were born to be real, not to be perfect."
That guy on the Telly was amazing with horses
Seven more weeks until the Best Summer Ever.
thanks for the follow and support Mickey keep cheering for your favs and check out
Thanks, ! I wore the shirt today. Love it! :)
as yall can see the Lakers fans are all pissed
dated no way? Certain subjects each sex excels. Prefer single sex education any day!
#changeofplans out to walk franklin street verrryy son! mario & luigi bout to do it again, and again ...maybe one more time
RT Why is it always war with us?:"(
OK, brilliant. Something on the theme of #innovation or #crowdsourcing, perhaps?
miami (ohio) has informed b roethlisberger that he will be permitted to walk with other students but bathroom breaks will not be allowed
should be fun. Big show in a bigger venue. Is a gal on the guest list? Lol
hahahha cant believe a frog just jumped in our house and our cat flew across the room like a bat out of hell and hubby rescued from cat :)))
and : Don't want to lose your constituents' support and your seat? Listen to us. Reject SOPA and PIPA.
it's snowing!
Oh good! No worries then.
That is the truth. Another dude killed his uncle by beating him over the head with a hammer. Stuff is just crazy!!
Feeling blessed and surrounded by love thanks to and
Wearing my wedding ring for the first time, doesn't feel like a part of my hand yet
ATT settles class action over termination fees AP - AT
thanks! the updated deadline isn't listed on the web site.
so many hot deals... You have less than a month to prepare for my visit to #NYC u betta
Me too! I miss you! The show was so great! It was so good to see you, Mitchell and Ms. June! Let me know when you do another show!
I have menudo and comfort food for you!!
Nice popcorn maker!
Another part of Florida next time....
Every1 loves Barbara Bush's Wellesley speech in '90, she did not do as well at Northeastern a few years later
Giving is better than receiving because giving starts the receiving process. -Jim Rohn
call me soon as he start coming tell Cajun to face time me
Milwaukee WI Im down to put my city on the map I see how yall do it where yall from but home is where my heart at so I'm a cheesehead jack
WORKS FOR ME
#thomaskeller favorite simple roast chicken recipe & yet-to-be-released #fessparker #whitewine - perfect Sun night dinner!
Can You Follow Me :(
Tonight is National Night Out! Get out and meet your neighbors tonight...its going to be a beautiful night!
It's Thursday , You Already Know What It Is...
Living the glamorous life -- Brunch at the #RitzCarlton in #SouthBeach Miami!
RT One friend can change your whole life.
thanks! It's a great movie!
it would be great, but i would be hard to communicate. i dont speak the best english. ;)
We appreciate the compliment!! Hope y'all are off to a great 2012!
Random tweet. Lmao =)
Hopefully gunna be gettin some clan matches goin this weekend!!!!
I mean 8 mexicans in the room..
Literally...The Avengers Was The Greatest Movie I've EVER SEEN. & I Plan To See It 30 More Times Before It Comes Out On DVD
thanx to for throwing game 6,We hope you stay in cleveland . Mogotti and only the loyal C-town loves u
Q3. Favorite TV series growing up.
Tweetdeck always crashes on me #frustrating but I love #hootsuite for iPad
Showed my friend a pic of a guy & her reaction was "it's like you looked up the definition of #sexpervert in the dictionary"
“: Need a tip on how to make good music? Make sure there's an accordion in there somewhere and it's gold.” Agreed.
#stopkony I heard #TOMS shoes was gonna partner with #invisiblechildren but they couldn't find their feet.
....three more hours
STOP SENDING ME F4F'S PLZ :)
HELL YEAH. I gotta go to Church though /: when I get back? ;) we finna show these nigletssssssssss up!!!
Holy freaking #HEAT! This is crazy. Make sure to #water your #plants. Stop in at Paradigm Gardens and Cool off!
Thank you! I've recently launched and looking to create a strong marketing campaign. Is that something you can help with?
we forgot to say (excuse our tardiness), thank you for the encouragement. Glad you enjoyed the panoramas!
I had 2 look him up 2 be sure the story I'd heard was true. I agree we have many problems between skin color that need serious love.
I don't think so. I care about it in general, but I'm so sick of hearing about it. I'm glad I'm not a local reporter.
YOU HAVE NO IDEA HOW EXCITED I AM TO SEE YOU!!(:
I wonder if water is grossed out by soda- because its so gassy?
Thank you for the RTs!
Me too PJ!!
what's missing in #grefine for you?
If you ain't got no ass bitch wear a poncho
See them now! Scentsy is so great....45+ warmers and 85+ scents. One for every decor.
At the gym and workin hard. Sweating like #whitneyHuoston at an intervention.
what? lol. I don't even know you..
Anyone else think they gave Syracuse the hardest division? Osu, fsu, k state, cincy? Looks pretty hard to me.
marlon perkins' wild kingdom sponsor
Wow I was just wishing for a new Shins album. What should I wish for next?
Dylan!!! Tell us already! We're dying here!. :/
If only you knew, I'd be with you...
mostly with you making fun of me I feel.
Yea that is true. You might have to. I watched Spaceballs as a child so I was use to it. Lol
RT : If you haven't received your #SAGAFTRA merger ballot or have any ?s regarding merger, please call (toll free) 855.724.2387.
Why don't blends sell as well as varietals? -- viewer question
you're more than welcome to marry that horse poop city you call home! :P
Why thank fuckin' god? I think you're giving him to much credit.
aren't you in school ? tf'
You two always make me laugh!
I don't know who that guy was but Kudos to you, sir, for taking the Mick out of the annoying Angelina. Was it crowded onstage w/ her ego?
going viral ;)
my mom told me to follow my dreams thats y i follow & ♥
oceansize is the best band i've never heard until now
Feeling smart for getting registration badges last night instead of today
i dnt think so, i think they sellin mo toma I hop cause my mom was on at 10am and couldnt get vip
i wanna know at what time ya'll going to premiere Justins video tomorrow
Beautiful day in a beautiful city...
already read it. It sucked.
I need a new Draw Something opponent. #anytakers ?
Bahaha. I saw this & was like "so did I..."
And my favorite Wrigley chant was... Brunansky's wife's a dyke. Brunansky's wife's a dyke.
Thank you for RT! Best wishes for a healthy and prosperous New Year!
can you get your followers to follow me plz and ill TRY to get you SOME followers tweet bakk plz
You don't think Saturday is washed up?
Tired of being home alone. It's just me and Benjamin for the night
Only a fifth to a quarter of #kids #apps are paid for; rest are free.
new opportunity starting up in LA... can't wait
gotta love those sticky keys
We haven't mentioned the DCGOP. I think you might be talking about someone else's account.
oh my gosh, I did not mean dad! I meant dog!! hahah
You misspelled my twitter name...
ik tht people say stuff but tht just means there jealous at what they dont have(:
Nah, it was a pretty good time. But times are good now too. Too many people wasting time bitchin
You know you are a fan when you drag your mom to the show with you :)
a) you look adorable. b) this is hilarious.
Survey: 1 in 3 Kids Hurt Playing Sports
or do you not think so far ahead? cause i been thinkin' bout forever
Today I'm going to focus on what I need to do today and not what I wish I had tomorrow. Only in focus is there success. Thanks Uncle Rush
Lmao.. That would be awesome!
thats cool but i meant is that you in your pofile pic if so your beautiful
back off haha it's a great show.
Heidi Klum is getting a divorce.
not really ,don't be using me, but when u trying to go
RIP Whitney, you were the best!!!
Its bad when one manager asks another a question and the response is " you'll get a better answer from him. Not her" & her is a mgr he isn't
was like an 8-9% mixture bloomed we shot a ballistics gelatin w a 308 sniper rifle...still retained shape
anything going on tonight?
baby girl pull yo pants up I only want yo face *we onnat*
#IdFangirlIfJustin caked me.
totally. that guy's a wank!
Mindless Behavior
Are they actually allowed to do that? I mean, I would love it, but didn't we elect Biden as our VP, and not Clinton?
PURE SATURDAY'S at FUSION w/ Dj Equis are no longer in effect. 18+ AFTER HOURS are STILL AT CLUBX. LIVE Friday at ClubX 18+ Shocka Shock
At the environmental priorities workshop talking media/ communications. #smartypants abound!
My company is hiring sales associates, let me know if you are interested!
Commercial break again.
I deleted ALL pics of me, and changed my location
What's on your to-do list for the house?
Q2. Companies integrate mobile w/in multi-channel mix in a holistic way achieve 49%greater sales trans vs. non-mobile mix
Congratulations Skip. Hard work and persistance pay off. Keep it up.
RT um where you work--reliant park!!
how are you? you do?
You're a jerk! I was being nostalgic.
my new goal in life is to get #jesstweet trending
Do not dwell on those who let you down. Cherish those who hold you up!
Decisions decisions decisions. Guess it's a good problem to have.
Whenever you make a mistake or get knocked down by life, don't look back at it too long. Mistakes are life's way of teaching you.
Everyone follow ! Lets make this site the best USA site for !
Hahaha! I guessed 4/5 of the top 5 guys too! :) Let's see who I can get in the wild card. I'm hoping for Erika, Brielle, and Reed!
What is your #FamilyTradition on #StGeorgesDay?
GoogleGeo: "In the beginning there was Code, and Engineers saw this and they thought, 'Cool!'" And everyone else thought 'Huh?'"
I'm saddened that Nutgrabber69 didn't acknowledge my Words with Friends request. He must be busy. Grabbing nuts, I suppose.
75% of consumers will buy your product if they like you on Facebook.
Lol, WE FOUND DOVE IN A SOAPLESS PLACE
will we see you tonight at Aloft DIA? 6pm. open to all! come see what is all about! for men too!
Follow and by Be Human on iTunes ASAP!
I wish you would tweet me:/
lmmfao omg tell him to b safe wit u
JcPenny is on crack if they think I'm spending $80 on cowboy boots.
I look at all the lonely people.
follow back??:)
I feel so warmed when I get a new fake Twitter follower. I'm talking about you,
S/O for the opportunity for our artist Mr. My$ta to perform at ur block party
Good morning (:
Can I be the opening act (singer) for your comedy tour?
S/o to the #LoyalFANS of YOUR #CHICAGOBEARS!!!!!! WE ARE !!!!
Ima start drawing people faces n called my álbum making love faces
RT : Must commit to memory RT : Wait wait wait....a Lesbian cock block is called a Beaver Damn?
hahah nah she's not very Internet "social"
Jake Keefer with another nice stop.
Man, y'all know how to have fun.
Mailing is fine. Did Access Tucson contact you?
and Bobby Moynihan remind me of the original #SNL cast.
That's it! I have decided to go on a Markers Mark Free Diet! Holy cow that drink tastes so good but need to let it go!
I was just lucky to have a mom that bought me the cassette; growing up in the bible belt and all.
"The unconscious is much wiser than the conscious mind"
I always pick up plastics in the area.They are so polluting!
Congrats to Haywire. Just made it onto my worst 10 movies of all time list.
thank u now get the other two to be happy lol im gettin it left n right for not sayin i had a boo i said im talkin to this girl
Dear Ladies!! Happy International Women's Day!!!!
I'm the guy with my hands up their ass.
Can someone explain to me why "Crash Your Party" is not on Karmin's album?
When I have. A drem of somebody that don't even talk to me!I never won wake up!!!
Thanks guys! Those popsicles are so good.
Im so tired -.- Idk why.. Im just super exhausted
Patty Mills has 22 points, James Anderson has 16 and DeJuan Blair has 12. The Spurs lead the Warriors 73-65 with 5:54 left in the third qt.
Im gonna whip your legs off your legs. What remains will just be a cruel reminder of what legs once were. haha #3?
Happy Pittsburgh Craft Beer Week!
Reason 29 to love the BBA: Every year we have an elected board that donates their time to support the BBA.
I can unfollow as quick as I follow or quicker.....
yeah defiently :), we need to sort out ice skating!
Is that a new series or the one that has been around for a while?
Stay thirsty my friends
you're welcome! Happy New Year!
Doesn't MR see that Beltway excuses VP gaffes? I'm a diehard O supporter who didn't want Biden; realized his gaffes don't matter
I'm looking into giving my current site a new look
Dear Cheesecake Factory, your delicious 1,000+ calorie dinners will be the death of me Sincerely, everyone
does anyone care to guess who the winner of original song will be>
500 - tell a friend to visit our Facebook page helping us to reach 500! Thank you
RT : Do colors make you think of social movements? Let's have a colorful conversation about how color can create good....
thnkin about rippin one in car on the way to work. probably not a good idea. i might get left in dripping springs
Virtual Choir Live Streaming from LIncoln Center. over 3000 singers from 73 countries. #LCChoir to join the discussion
im more then in love with him & im going to bed I'll talk to you tomorrow
Who is your weight-loss inspiration for 2011? We are going to reveal ours today...
it's ok u just seemed a little irritated
Sushi is the best, if u ever in Atl stop by Twist Restauraunt on Peachtree.....
because no one is tired yet. (:
smh lmao ask if I can sleep over in a few days
Hella just dropped my phone on my bottom lip -.........-
williams-sonoma is now selling beehive starter kits and chicken coops.
Ahh we now have less than 24 hours left! Hurry up and be Tuesday💗 I need Jonathan/Sebastian to burn down the world😱
Words that excite during #GOLF RT Wow .. Or better yet RT Wow wow wow
Steve Jobs was an innovator, inventor, kind soul and genius. We will miss him
hahaha alright I promise I won't quit!
Limone: San Diego's Newest Pop-Up - San Diego Reader (blog)
Huge Boxing class tonight at the gym. Duke is making 'em sweat! The Swittels are in the house!
PHILIP <3 OMG
Some people on twitter can be so fucking annoying..
I don't know how I manage to break things so easily!
Even my lawyer b askin iz it dope!..
Sweet! RT Come on in today to enjoy 25% off our yummy food!
I know it looks A-Mazing! Because you own it!
HE KICKED IT IN!
I tried to turn the movie into a sing-along. It didn't go well. Haha. I though the film was great, though. I'm happy I went :)
Great talk this morning!
I would love to go into hospitality and tourism but in this economy it's not realistic.
Jamal Reynolds and Ahmad Carroll think so #$$$$ RT : Love Mike Sherman, but is taking his advice on draft day the right move?
hahaha not funny!
DON’T use cleaning products on or near your natural stone unless the label specifies that it is safe for it.
Developing your own creative expression through foundational drawing w/ Surle Bachman, Ed. S. at The Geezer Gallery
Just went back up. No new followers. Hmm? #thankyoujesus You show 667 to me! /via
We'll see you then!
would it really be worth the mess?
Spark wants to know -- do you remembering your favorite science lesson from #BackInElementarySchool?
wow I wish I was there!!!
Listened to the new album and had to pre-order. I want mine downloaded by the time I get up for work. I feel like a kid again!
75 degree weekend in Denver, but winter will be making an appearance on Tuesday, get ready!
Mother fucker! I accidentally added someone on FB. I hope they don't get notification e-mails cuz no.
Google search results warn of compromised sites | InSecurity Complex - CNET News news.cnet.com/8301-27080_3-2… via
Appreciate it. Didn't get in yesterday. Had ton of vendor orders, food, beer, stuff' so was stuck. & now $950 4 new starter!
RT A friend of mine keeps rescuing horses SE of Dallas. Anyone in the area who wants to come play with them can contact me.
Everyone follow - she's new to Twitter! <3
Strictest security I've seen - Albuquerque, NM & Columbus, OH last year. Not LA or NYC.
RT Welcome , renewing IBN member! She makes tropical-inspired skincare products! Go Daria!
The rainbow is more beautiful than the pot of gold at the end of it because the rainbow is now. - Hugh Prather
It's puppy time now, right? :)
are you coming over?
mememememememe!!! Ive never had the pleasure of playing :(
Happy Birthday to Ben , probably the nicest guy in Alaska. After Santa Claus, of course. ;-)
going to see American Reunion today! :D
Between the GMAT and the StartingBloc Institute I'm missing just about every awesome thing in May. Sigh.
Good Morning!
whenever it is, see ya there. I'll be in the stands this time. Considering the gym size, that's the same as one row away in AC
Matt Cassel should be paying him too. #Chiefs #Patriots : #Ravens extend Bernard Pollard's contract
Omaha is a great place with special character. Where do you live?
Working on some wabbit - stuffed with sage and pistachio sausage
Like her wholee forehead is like two big ol' eye brows.
Why don't you just let the phone ring instead of rejecting my call?
#nw X men origins
or a fork at a restaurant.
Restorative yoga and wine.
Let's celebrate 3 pointers and blocks with...no defense
beta unavailing of mlacommons at next year's MLA in boston
A resourceful person can see opportunity when others only see obstacles." — Garrett Gunderson
want to shoot for sometime after you're back?
I miss you too !
Chase Hackett...One Round At A Time!
Beautiful! Last night's sunset in Albany had such pretty clouds as well.
Sure thing! :)
#Kiski School faces Westtown School tomorrow in the State Quarterfinals. 3:45 pm at Westtown School in West Chester, PA.
Why do I get homework from trig everyday and I won't use it in my life?
okay let me know when you know :) you have my number! I'd love to go with yall
“Your hidden talents are the things you could do that would make you happy, But you don’t know it yet.”
Completed a 5 mi run, and feeling good. And a long-time-lost sensation: extra energy.
...Minion, I reveal nothing. The wait will be a torture you must endure. ....which makes me happy ;-)
At the Parthenon Public Relation Awards...dinner=good :)
"the appetite of our present materialism depends upon stirring up our wants-but not satisfying them" -Robert Lane
The size of a mother's brain increases shortly after childbirth according to market research
Time to get up
A lack of hope can lead to a lack of sense, so holding on to hope can spare you from making some disastrous decisions.
It's a fine morning to sit outside at The 5 Point, and warm up for a day of drinking with a huge breakfast. And a drink or three.
The high destiny of the individual is to serve rather than to rule.-Albert Einstein
I need a vacation.
ya i do,me n'my brother watch it together
LIVE LOVE LAUGH!!!
I emailed then. End of sept is what I got back.
that will show him!
stfu and go shave your fanny :3#
Will do! Thanks!
Guys can only go 7 days without sex and that's only cause we forced ourself to get use to not getn any while ur period is on
Q1: Let’s start with World Book Night. Does anyone have good stories from #WBN?
I saw the midnight showing, I'm paying for it today though haha
#Reds take the series from the cubs!
Note to Russ at channel 3: If you can't confirm 2nd death, don't report it. Try sticking to the facts.
Can't wait! Once I get settled and paid, I'll be out your way to see you and (hopefully spring, maybe summer)
Ughhjj I feel so sick
I swear One Thing is like the cutest video ever. They're all so freaking adorable!
Thx for asking Tonito. It's now posted on our site.
you better leave to come eat!
u want go to Atlanta on the 19th son... Meet sum agents and djs and all ... Hit me up son
Pretty decent day considering I spent a lot of it at work, but now I'm on a mission to relax & get to bed at a reasonable time
Damn feels good to be Back home in phoenix!!!
I actually started with a free one (plenty are available), but most have a time limit on the recordings (like 10-15 min allowed)
Haven't had time to put up listings yet, but check the Ball State and Notre Dame employment pages.
so you did hang up..
I should specify: the show, not the movie. Definitely the show.
:( i dont have a camera!:p
Going to see today! Ready for Chi town?
for sure ill talk it up! My bro and co. are interested! Id be interested in doing a couple shifts, dont need a ticket tho!
enjoy! Have a beer for me. Haha
Lets go Charlie Batch
#DontMessWithBeliebers? What the fuck do you think you're going to do if we mess with you, huh? Throw stickers at us?
fail. You never have it...
#game FOLLOW - New song out in a few days
it's a sad commentary on the evolution of force and the unknown ,it's a sad trend !
If you farted in a nursing home would it make a sound? If it did would you blame it on an old lady?
watching danceing with the stars....
have a good day to
We had there all weekend. Pics soon.
sorry for all the posts.. something happened with the RSS feed. Fixed now.
it's a great book. Hint : Ghostly Romance
Had a leetle Q&A w/ Nick and Justin of A Rocket to the Moon yesterday at Warped! Stay tuned. www.thespotlightwebzine.com
I made this feminist media studies collage with DJ, , , , and and it is seriously awesome!
Thank you ! Excited to see all your lines. So many pretty things in one space!!
cool. did you pick a subject area or just from the whole list of dbs?
basically, the term Hollywood Indies blows my mind. &I'm unpacking it, but I want to make sure the term isn't industry standard
haha the love of my life
Taught my son to ride his bike with no training wheels today.
#MontaEllis is a crazy good!
even thousands of years ago. Talk about your time travel!
Was happy the ride to the airport for NYC started with no sleep till Brooklyn on the radio. Then found out why
LUCCCKYYY. they still go to cali tho. I'd like, make my mom bring me to where they are. Isn't austin performing in LA?
Shooting rockets off with in science
“: #unmanlyconfession I sometimes like wearing fuzzy socks when relaxing on the couch...” seriously Please stop
Going sailing in the San Francisco Bay today with my family :) I am so excited and hope I get to see whales and sea lions :)
what a play wallace. What a play
We are very big fans! Keep up the fantastic work! :-)
no D:
Black-owned businesses: create a FREE business profile today!!
I met Anthony Daniels a few times. He's an interesting character. You can definitely see C3PO in him. Have fun!
we're going to see how good #samsung actually is with their customer service. They will decide if I ever buy their brand again. #fixIt!!!
most opera companies do have a student/under 30 program. Some have success with it. Others keep it on the DL. How to maximize?
I think i'm being coming stupid.
#10factsaboutme I can be really bipolar sometimes
#ThingsPeopleHaveToStopDoing listenin to this weak ass music dey b playin now a days
every guy has that girl who is his weakness
REMINDER: Classes resume on Monday, January 2nd! We look forward to seeing all of you back on campus next week! Happy New Year!
If I swear realty, can I get knighted?
Congrats , heading to the !
I enjoyed Lorax as much as my nephew did.
": well,I'm still here,it didn't erase Me :-)" ok good!! Only 949 to go lol
"yayyy! lets do 50's for time!"
Catching on fast bro. #OsMagic is a term that carries some heavy weight here in the Charm City. Welcome and Good Luck!
yeah...I'm not even going to attempt to disagree. Touche`
oh trust me, I know<3
Creepiest movie experience ever. MT : Since #thePalms movie theater ... has some serious security issues.. I won't be back.
Hi! Tried using online appt scheduler & am having trouble. Are all appts booked this mo?
RT : Today's Navy insult: "You'd screw up a muster on a one-man submarine."
Rivers sucked the life out of them with that 3.
Lunch with the positive coaching alliance!
Hope 's last day of student teaching is going/went well and she enjoyed her not-so-surprise surprise goodbye party!
It's risky to defy pill labels, but instead of 1 #Advil, 2 combined with a large #beer seems to have ended 2 weeks of a bad shoulder
RT RT : I love those random memories that make me smile no matter what is going on in my life right now.
that is exactly why we're best friends. We are attached at the brain. And your the thoughts are mighty dirty.
finally followed me now if I can only get u to follow me
Oh! *blushes* Thank you! :-)
Holy crap so sleepy....
70% of funders evaluating their work, but not always for learning purposes to share with the field
I think I wanna be a tattoo artist!!
how does avon pass some these kids?
no problem
lol pretty girl bad
I don't plan to go for a while (if at all) so you might not even have to write one...
Welcome to Cleveland!!@ Looking forward to a long career here buddy!!
Pujols is hitting a home run tonight...calling it now
Thanks, Keith! And thanks so much for coming to the Idea Forum this morning. It was lots of fun!
Minimal or general to teaching in general - not archaeology specific.
lmfao what songs you want me to quote? lol
Listening to Ira Glass interview Terri Gross. I think I'm in heaven
Avengers time.
Thank you kind sir!
For this last tour he played at the Double Door. But I saw him in a trio at an actual jazz spot downtown (much better).
I will not let fear of failure consume me. I will live out my calling
"a minimal, pulsing synthesizer drumbeat, over which Genesis P-Orridge would declaim lyrics surrounding the concept of discipline"
Also the Espejoa Mini-Dress is amazing. I adore the orange color and flirty shape.
Make it trend NOW:
Have anywhere to go this morning? Fog is heavy! Be careful and drive safely!
lies !!!!! When do yall get outta school
perhaps when asking for my help being specific on the requirements would help
RT : WHY DON'T YOU GO BACK TO YOUR HOME ON WHORE ISLAND? isn't there a whore island here?
Just another #meatless Monday...
On a train, and learning etiquette :)
;I saw your hairflip I saw your short hair I saw your light/dark hair and I will be there until your grey hair belieber F&A♥
I can't wait for the heat vs Thunder rematch in the
Congratulations on your decision to attend Lynchburg College! We will be happy to see you!
thank you !!
isn't stream of consciousness an alternative rhetoric? Should be fine!
How is your husband?
What'd she think man? Did she dig the bearded bard?
Turn your face toward the sun and the shadows will fall behind you. - Maori Proverb -
maybe I should wait to have one of those cupcakes. Might encourage her to stay right where she is at.
All,we do is light it up all night strange clouds ;)
that was - he plays all over with great bands. Give him a shout out!
My fave line so far from "Hands up! Who Wants to Die!" in "He seemed so jolly in his craft, I naturally wished him ill."
I love being on the Montpelier Foundation's mailing list. It makes me feel like James Madison knows who I am.:)
We Philly fans are looking forward to sharing your beautiful soul with you tonight!! Bring it on, sistah!! ♥ See you soon!
finale tonight!!!! who will win? or or #TeamPhiPhi or #team Tie
Don't want to start trouble, but made the newest version of Blackalicious look like rookies tonight.
So you love me?
I commented in the also blog today. Can you fix typos? Everyone should be "every time". Also i should be I. Thanks
no I didn't I'll look now. I'm at the playground ;) I got that job at HBS. Also a call today for an interview for another..
with gas at $4.00 a gallon, NOBODYS riding around and getting nothing. [Read that on here. #clevershit]
I'm going on a set up date with a guy who thinks I'm fat. Good times!
CONGRATS!! wishing you many more! RT : HAPPY ANNIVERSARY LOU & CO!! Today we have been in business for 1 year!
Mad Men Recap: Turn on, Tune in, Drop Out - Huffington Post
Getting off twitter…do not want to see the Barca game updates until I watch it later tonight!
Live Your Dreams.
well damn i guess a lot of people pretending they go to church all the time knowing damn well they just went only for Mothers Day.
well I've never seen anyone else use ijs before...I'm not even convinced other people do that
Season 4 Breaking Bad finale lived up the hype. No poker or new shows tonight, just going to focus on doing some long delayed blog writing.
Think of a number between 0 and 20 Add 32 to it. Multiply by 2. Subtract 1. Now close your eyes. It's dark isn't it?
Had a grand time speaking about story. MT “What a stellar week in Pebble Beach at our Stryve Executive Forum!"
Now Monday, Dec. 26th - an extra day of celebrating for many - we'll keep some holiday music in the mix today.
Right! Sorry my memory was a bit fuzzy...
Lord, Please disconnect me from the "He say, She say". Help me to focus on spreading the Gospel, instead of the Gossip!
Come back soon. I got a new place and at has a kitchen so we can have a potluck dinner
Is it wrong to want an #oscars completely hosted and presented by Muppets?
There are certain things I can't get the point of. Bagels, for instance. Why do people like them? -Ned Rorem
"Analyze what posts your followers RT. It will help u understand the conversations your audience wants to have." at
can I get a follow or a retweet from one of the best SP in the AL?!
Great end to the Jessica Daniels class !! Will miss my 3 week comedy buds
Why don't they ask the others if they'll run 3rd party? They're the ones pretending to be "conservative" & for "limited govt", not Ron Paul
dude im so out of shape for this tryout haha
lipid-soluble drugs are stored by physical solution
#SometimesIWonder if Im the only one who hasn't read a page of the Odyssey yet, but still has a 93 ^_^
My future's so bright, I gotta wear shades.....too bad they broke!
sorry you are going through this but you're helping others too. Will tell my cousin to follow your tweets. thx.
Down low!
I'm going to have to start thanking God daily for the Internet memes the #Obama campaign keep lobbing over the middle of the plate.
Wow, hope we never run into #MelGibson down a dark alley.
Do you use Clear 4G internet? Would you recommend it?
beautiful day for the last day of the orchid fair
Sister, 2 dogs, and I all made it to Placerville safe and sound! Quite the drive from SD. Now time for homeade soup and football!
3rd (of 3) shop rejections, kid got dumped by his usual camping buddy, etc. Trying so hard to stay positive & not get weighed down & surly.
Sometimes I go through the grocery store backwards. Yeah that's right.
Getting up at 630 in the morning and spending 150 on my teeth is not what I call a good time.
108 YA BUDDY!! LET'S GET TO 110!!!!! ~ASHLEY
10 followers because I still don't know how this works
#thatcamposu Propose a lunch discussion group on the whiteboard. Already have one for Libraries and DH.
Let's go bulls!!
nephew? ah you're my son
Jacketman09 WWW.VARSITYJACKETS09.COM WWW.VARSITYJACKETSPITTSBURGH.COM EARN 10$ CASH EACH PAID JACKET REFFERAL FOR YOUR GROUP AZ
I'm too sexy for Facebook.
it's right before you see the skyline of #Minneapolis :)
The Hunger Games has been read. Done. Now for the movie!
lol i actually broke a glass one before too xP
Don't remember the last time a photo shoot wore me out. Body is in pain after last nights session.
And the winner of our #MadeInNY Craft Beer Showcase is....! Congrats you guys!
"Neumeier creates New Orleans not out of large sets but out of dancers." - Arts Education Director on
first time ien seen u brush since January 27
is a dealer program in the future?
If you're in line for party with , they're saying they are only letting 30 more in. Do with that what you will.
Awe did we miss your birthday? Happy belated!
You're on a roll.
Out of the 8 ppl I will be relaying for, Alex is one <3
the jones drew, and the birthday forte
Fuck what I said
yes please!! And love you both!!!
I LOVE YOU AUSTIN. <3
♫ I discovered Kasabian when I was using on my iPhone
go wings!! 20 wins!!
Just got free little caesars pizza because "I am in a cool band." Living the dream.
haah, hmm... what are you gonna fix me ?
Westbury Christian grad Anthony Collins (South Florida) is currently playing Villanova in the Big East tourney 3 points, 3 assists early on
Hit me back ASAP this is the break of a lifetime...you can email me at !
Gathering items for the bake sale!!!
A2/4 Feeling able in the present (self-efficacy), which none can escape, hope, in belief in others and self
Sorry I didn't answer you before. I didn't have a "live" connection for most of the day. #aallfs is the hashtag for the summit.
Follow me on instagram! AntonyFlorida . Goodnight loves 😘
“: I want a relationship where you can lay with each other & just talk.. about anything.”
I know!! I was with clay when I got the email saying you were now following me and we started laughing
RUSSIA HAS THAT TOO BUT IS TARGETING YOUNG WOMEN. HAVE KATHERINE BANG AN ENGINEER FROM THE CITY OF PORTLAND BROADCAST HER SPEECH ABOUT
Happy Birthday beautiful! Hope you had a wonderful day!
lol. I'd tell the Boyz I want to have 69 kids not 7.
- thanks for the RT yesterday! Hope all is well... you at #Drupa?
thank u so much for voting!
Melo: "Maybe I need to not take so many shots. I don't know." This is a start lol.
VCU clinched a NCAA tournament spot with a win over Drexel. Which teams do YOU think are going to win their conference tournaments?
is looking for a way to relax--suggestions?
It’s your #successes that define your right path. Listen to them and they’ll tell you what you’re good at. ~
I see her when I want call that viewers choice
Just preordered Nowhere But Up on my Nook. I'm so excited!!!!
I don't get to watch on Thurs. I only find out later on when I check my DVR & it's empty, because no new show :(
Alright my glamorous entourage out there in twitterland....im officially back in action!! Free hair/makeup//lifetstyle tips are a flowin!!
Stop saying you will give 110% or 120%, it is impossible. Give 100%, 100% of the time!!!
Thank you.
Thank you :)
We're back in action from 3000 Chestnut Avenue! Wahoo!
can't wait to see it! have fun :)
What a wonderful opportunity! I follow Meg on G+ and learn so much from her that way
“Social hierarchy doesn’t hold a candle to the power of feeling isolated in your own skin.” ― Elyse Draper, Freewill
I am in the wonderful city of beloit. Go Snappers!!
I don't sleep. Ever. Hi everyone.
yeah I do .. I was just asking
If you had to choose: Mouth, vagina, or ass for the rest of your life?
Cathal did a great job in round #2 of #SXAccel Fingers crossed for to win! 🍀
Our first "heavy" snow today, about 2-3 inches this morning....WOOHOOO!
Flirting while in a relationship is highly disrespectful & while it may seem harmless...it can be very hurtful to the person that loves you.
Heheh ^^ You'll be fine, believe me & I'll cross my fingers for you xoxo♥
Thank you! Very excited about next season ourselves... :)
Well, it's happened. I'm officially attracted to creepy Glenn from Mad Men.
hey friend! got the shoes @ nordstrom! on sale, too!
Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don’t matter and those who matter don’t mind. ~Dr Seuss
👎had severe toothache & found out I cracked a tooth, which is resulting in a root canal & crown next week. 😰 kill me now.
& i'm probably buying a Trent Richardson jersey the first day they hit the store.
any questions i can give u the answer
I miss you
Musburger... "the Red River Rivalry is turning in to a Red River blood bath". Love it!
my prob is that I remember my dreams, but they are all so boring! Just everyday events. I want some excitement/craziness
Why would you block them?
Amtrak is superior to planes in so many ways. However, other people's loud cell phone conversations remind me nothing is perfect.
tnks for sharing
The Hotel Derek appreciates you! Returning guest should ask about the special rates and inclusions.
he doesn't even have a twitter account does he? I assume if he did Bollig or Sharpie would have told us
Disembodied El train voice, what do you consider "suspicious activity" exactly?
:) RT : It's 4/14. You know what that means. Happy everyone!
Noel Gallagher will be BACK in Oasis for the next album people. The band is KNOWN for it's dueling brothers. SERIOUSLY.
time. Let's do this!
ohh cool mom knows ?
ok. i don't feel like debating lol.
i was going to have a movie night on my ONE free night off for this week and maybe next, but now i dont wanna watch anything else
>: Wikipedia is successful because they consistently build rich content on a persistent URL, of value in link economy.
It's 's sweet 16 today! Please wish her a happy birthday!69
Aint got to many friends circle is turnin into a triangle
girls with dimples >>>
Glad you posted to the ND forum. Will be interesting to learn more about museums.
When you have a lot of anyone's money on the line, you must ask the cost of avoiding vs. recovering from various kinds of "bus accidents".
Shout out to who just jnd twttr. Awsme bb and good guy. He will hv some ctchg up 2 do with tweets
Aw. Thank you. I have to see what's on those pages now.
I dunno, but nope.
Tell us what you are thankful for!
The thing that is making jazz healthy today is that people are coming out of other backgrounds - from rock, folk, ethnic music Billy Taylor
#Top100Lies I don't have a Facebook anymore.
:) 3> lol my backward heart ;p
you don't know how to fish
Why I be seeing ugly bitchess with a bombb ass Niggahs *smh not right
Looking forward to another week of Champions League Football!
Thanks for the follows!
My friend, who is Black & gay, thinks Obama's support for gay marriage will hurt his reelection effort. My friend is 55 yo & very religious.
#keepyourpantson we've only just began the heavy petting.
wish you guys would come back to Memphis!
Lake Calhoun all summer...? I think so! :)
If you think you want to be down, you've been warned
I got grounded :/
What if we've got it backwards? Maybe mustaches have a thing for pedophiles.
Packing up my dorm doesn't get any less depressing year to year
Thanks for the shout out!
I've got some time to spend with family, and then back to writing when all goes quiet once more. Revisions are so much fun.
Don't have wheels, either; I take the Metro-North. But we're 'sold out.' Who'd think everyone would want to go to prison? ;-)
#ThingsTwitterDoesntCareAbout , yo Grandmas Mommas best friend's aunt Betty's cat died.
In Beaune for 2 days! Drank a 2007 Chorey les Beaune from Tollot yesterday night. Went from good to magnificent in 30 min. I am a happy man!
It most definitely was. Hope everything at Club Albee is going great!
#youngkidsshouldbebannedfrom Disney World, LegoLand, and Six Flags. Those are only for adults now.
My friday night is complete. Thanks Austin.
I comment but no feuding here. Too cool for that.
Was just thinking about how I can do my part when i visit the beach this summer...cleaning up, NOT driving on the beach
credits only apply to new invoices - we'll contact you via support to discuss other options.
my girlfriend is cheating on me with a fighter, I bet I could whip his ass
Good luck!! :D RT : Interview tomorrow at monicals @ 4:30. I'm.PRAYING I get the job so I can leave my current one
The NY Times report that young people are watching more video online and less on TV. Will TV's be things of the past? Hmm.
I had no idea this many people were on a "random quote basis" with Miss Congeniality.
Some people think what we do isn't cool..so, do you want to be cool, or do you want to be rich?
He read your tweet and then went left. He would make a good Democrat.
You're amazingly cute :)
Reason why I need a car: I can go anywhere. Reason why I need a job: My own money!
if you aint there you aint nowhere!!!
I wil forever be one patriotic SOB. #MUR-CA #RedWhite&Blue
don't tell me happy mother's day. that's disrespectful.
hope you feel better!
Indeed! Thank you!
sounds fun. ENJOY!!
Were finally dating hahah
"Saying you're happy isn't the same as being happy."
I'm gonna say yes!
#DemonicDerek Fear is always near watch your back watch every corner you turn hahaha
Good morning and welcome to Chicago! RT : Breakfast burrito from ! Life is good.
Well get ready for another wild day
Getting excited to enjoy complex scenarios & live in the moment for tmrw's sesh w/ . . .
made the song #Boyfriend just for me!jelous ? JK
Support the artists performing at the Vintage Reggae Winter Fest and buy their music legally. Keep reggae alive!!
firehouse everyday!
Believe it or not, some folks here in #Milwaukee, WI, just felt an
I'd give you a great tip, though! ;)
Ha! Took my lunch break early for a rescheduled haircut :)
Is one more important when meaningless without the other? :) RT : "Imagination is more important than knowledge..." Einstein
Greg Osby should be performing on Channel 5 right about now! Check it out.
I've been rooting for the Capitals since the 70s. I'm a Maryland gal! BTW - I also like the Washington Nationals too!
Do you know how you want to be mad, but you can't be... Becuase things make sense ? Curse you logic !
Come in and check out our huge selection of 7 For All Mankind jeans!
#FF to everybody who's cool now let me enjoyed my holiday #420 thanx :-)
More than any other factor, vision affects the choices we make and the way we spend our time.
About to eat a Hot Pocket which is weird because I had no idea I was suicidal.
:( Sending prayers your way.
I wonder if USC professors have Twitters...
Not sleepy yet!
that is one of my top five all-time favorite covers.
NO MORE WHEELS' BIRTHDAY CRAP!.
Q2: What jobs not directly in #preservation are good ones for preservationists to consider?
"I dont care if the whole world collapsed around us; as long as we’re together I'll be fine."
Who We Scrappin?
software stabilization, for those of us that cant hold still
well, I can give it a try.... thanks....
God bless you as well, have a great day and life. InshaAllah
Yeah, I'd definitely have to have a pool if I live there. Swimming cools me for the entire day. :-)
We are hitting the studio to demo a few new songs in 2 weeks! Can't wait.
To love is one thing, to be loved is other thing, but to be loved by the one you love is everything.
#FF new followers thanks for the follow-much appreciated
"Free but snazzy" tool for making video tutorials: Jing. Raquel says hardest part of the tutorial she made was script writing.
So uhh... #giants won...and um...FUCK YEAH!
Game changer! Bring in Ronnie!!
Blustery 100 degree heat in liveable Austin. Hahaha. That's a laugh. Why are you idiots still moving here to join us idiots?
on that
I think there were more people at the gas station at 6am this morning than there are people who live in Potsdam.
Thanks guys! RT : Smokin' Hot Aces Mash Up Mondays featuring DJ Jeffery Thomas & special guests spinning rock & roll mash ups
We'd like to take a moment to remember all the victims of 9/11.
Is it just me? I can't see you racing today. What is your schedule? Thanks.
CUT THE CHECK
#night twitter 💤
Last day to get a FREE tall beverage when you buy a pound of Starbucks Tribute Blend or Starbucks VIA Tribute Blend!
do you go all the way to the top at Runyon?
That's two game 6s now decided by free throws in last seconds.
I can't hear you my eyes are closed.
#DanceMomsMiami is on good byyeee :-p
BOOKED ALASKA!
Planning a Wedding? Come talk to us at the #SLCBridalMall today and Saturday! #BridalBash Great Giveaways happening!
Follow our producer!
#LuckyTaco contains REAL luck of the Irish! The Irish folk turned into tacos weren't lucky
My senior year better be crazy.
“: #SorryNotSorry :P” haha. Definitely not sorry!
so maybe the finale made me a little misty-eyed. but i'm pretty sure it's just allergies.
Lately I've been feeling so sexy I'm gonna start walking like Giselle everywhere I go!!!!
playing the cheaper course but I've heard good things.
Homesick. For the first time in years that's not been induced by media or a missed event. Send the Black Hawk for a quick Sydney visit pls.
Q4 How can I keep myself focused on my #smallbiz goals?
S.Casper: "Just sent cast very rough first draft. So rough they should wear gloves while handling for fear of splinters."
“: dipping fries in a chocolate frosty >”  so good!
Congrats to all speakers and volunteers for an incredibly inspirational event!
Guests of Fox News of all things.
An attitude of gratitude creates blessings. Help yourself by helping others. You have the most powerful weapons on earth- love and prayer.
Bitch Ain gone detox
hey jeannie! yep, facial hair pendulum has swung the other way. :) how are you all doing?
Looking forward to #AAAEPHX conference tremendously!
Congrats, dude! i find myself in TN a bit since my wife from there. maybe i'll u one of these days.
-- well deserved!
I am listening to music!!!! Good to see you too
I declare the iOS Newstand to be the most useless icon in the history of the GUI
Another great photo shoot today, cold as heaven though! :)
How is it possible to feel this great? Looking forward to today and what it brings!
Dear Jesus, you died for our sins. You died for us. We love you. Thank you so much for everything you've done. You're amazing. :)
We will have live commentary from Adam Borders in LA at GLAAD Media Awards Use hastag
Rocket Power my nigga.
right this very second here at , Tony Peebles is about to blow the roof off this bitch. come help us hold it down.
Jus changed my profile pic but it made me look way darker than I am. *shrugs* oh well
ah, thats how works! thanks! .
y u mad sweetie???
I had no idea that was an actual term.
So quick bright things come to confusion
Education's purpose is to replace an empty mind with an open one
Or, conversely, something built into the study of English (in my experience) on the college/graduate level that makes you a liberal?
Dancing, sampling, smelling the flowers but not taking the TIME to develop a system that leads to successful investing????? Success = system
Whitney's phone is dead but we're just leaving !
a lethal combo! RT : I need some ice cream cake and Tommy Wiseau! BELCH
I'm a little worried about being able to stay up that late...I'm like 80 years old these days.
That motorcycle just went by my extremely fast
RT “A brand is no longer what we tell the consumer it is – it is what consumers tell each other it is.” - Scott Cook
Follow Back ?
Prosecutor in #Zimmerman case was horrendous today; has he ever questionned a #witness before??? #whoa he was bad.
Thanks! You too, enjoy the sunshine!
Have you gotten an attagirl product recently? Post a pic of you in your gear and get a coupon code for your next purchase!
Getting Dessed because my aunt is addicted to the mall
why do you care if asks Belichick tough questions? Its not like a journalist will make Pats defense better.
Just posted my 2011 tour dates on my website. Also appearing with former KORN guitarist "Head" in Kentucky on August 28th. All on Facebook
Kicking off Hope Hall's senior picture week with a shoot at 7:00!
so glad she's out !!
Secret practice session on an empty stage somewhere in Huntsville! Find me if you can and win a free slurpie!! ;)
Trying a new approach to removing myself from French-Canadian mailing lists: Replying in French with "S'il vous plaît, arretez maintenant."
what the crap are you saying
Fly higher. Birds if a feather...
Anytime bro. Let me know when its good for you and we can work something out. The track is gonna be mixed ridiculously.
Devon Bookert to Florida State
Thomas Carlyle A good general not only sees the way to victory; he also knows when victory is impossible
so heart broken over the David Ortiz news. He is my favorite player.
I helped a local chapter association decorate a homelss shelter for kids 12-17. I hope they find something to smile about.
The Cedars social... St. Ann's... Venturing out tonight! Great girls night!
Oh right! Thanks for reminding me. I need to take photos of the work I did. That might not be for a few more weeks.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY LUHAN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! YOU'RE JUST THE CUTEST THING EVER!
the weekend goes by too fast
mimba.tv making great progress :) Audio module almost ready for public beta!
Now just needs to get connected with and that would be fucking awesome.
I finally completed Max interval training!!!!
Quest labs reported an alarming jump in positive heroin tests in the workplace. Quest used an oral test that was more accurate.
I believe you can be a starter bro. You've got the talent and you're a true cowboy. Let's fucken go!
bro find out so we can go all out when you get here
Merry Christmas!
thanks for playin both!! Nice move!!
Please send our congrats!! So happy to have her! RT My daughter has been accepted! Transferring from UK this fall.
AIl I heard was good music, gainseville and beer. SOLD
Pretend you're Molly Ringwald with her binto box of sushi
Damn it sucks to be a marlins fan
Not sure what it is about the days of awe and the Hagim, but I am so chronologically displaced these days~ apologizes
That cartoon completely tacky & shows that people are continuing to slander Sandra Fluke.
Happy Easter everyone! Hope you enjoy some craft brews with dinner. By the way Troegenator goes great with Ham!
listen to music slight work on repeAt
Nat' Director Lee Miller's oldest sister suffered a dual brain aneurysm yesterday & had immediate surgery. Please them in your prayers.
bitch ass mother fucker.
For the beer guys and gals out there we now have collaborative effort with Chef Morimoto. Both the Black and regular Soba Ale.
For real??
I blame Joe Block
I'm on my way in now. I'll search for him and treat him with the utmost respect.
so follow me back so i can dm u please .
writing out the charts for my gospel class next month @ TheCollective.....POOF!!!!!
will computer catch-up work from holidays ever end?
Thanks for being our fan! Which model do you have?
Thanks for falling asleep on me, now I'll just read a book.
Life boats--"well judgeing by the trajectury of the sun and the moon I would say at the bottom of the ocean I bit lots of holes in them :)"
Couldn't make it to the game due to the snow but SO proud of my team. You all played like the Western Conference Champs you are!
Heat not a distance runner's friend - 80s tomorrow in Boston
On my way to the Lower Eastern Shore Heritage Council Annual Meeting and Awards luncheon!
thanks! You are coming?
He's so disgusting.
Not necessarily, but she's loved in this house. Name is Old Norse, means "rebirth" or "new day."
she's good at that. I need to call her. struggling with something
Made it to Austin an hour or two ago. What a rush! On the bus back to Houston.
Seriously? They won't eat quinoa?
Crush a bit, lil bit, roll it up, take a hit & f*ck the bullsh*t
#LiveGive im back thought my kiddo was cryin!
That wasn't a home run. Would have hit top of wall. Probably a double.
Everyone from Alvarez to Sweeney say they were shocked by the allegations.
Planning a #Thanksgiving meal? Traveling for the holidays? Remember to use your Kroger Gift Card when shopping or at Shell for gas
follow back?
Richard Jefferson: Out Saturday with Knee Injury
!! > RT : Another great Christmas with family in the books! Now the countdown to at for NYE!
Hollywood Undead. Fit for rivals. Flyleaf. Green Day. Three days grace. Emery. Deadmau5. Skrillex. Pendulu. The prodigy. Tyga. Eminem.
A dragonfly has a lifespan of 24 hours.
sourpuss..I'll say it for them..Good morning
Warm weather + last day of #SpringBreak = screaming #neighborhood kids.
This time Misty tweeted arbitrary, dictatorial, domineering, and imperious architecture, sculpture, painting, and poetry
Cooking up dinner & dessert with my girls
If Twitter and Facebook merge - Twacebook. What wabbit?
can't wait to meet you!
My baby mommas momma loves me..
Writing a paper on sex offenders and watched 's "Our America" as a reference. She is an inspiring interviewer!
you've earned your name here with that amazing collection of tunes!
the pace is picking up now that it's getting closer.
Waiting on my Mare to deliver Foal. Was carrying twins. Fingers Crossed. One in ten thousand Successful births. Snowing in KC now.
perfect weather to #slide:))
On 4/1? That could be lots of fun. RT : do it up tonight! Our #ADDYs is next Friday in
I don't wanna get up...
yes, tomorrow! it's on my calendar :D
You're welcome Charlie. You rock!
Which preorder are you stacking your pennies for this week? #radiohead #thekingoflimbs or #thestrokes #angles ?
that i know. i don't support them. I can't stop admiring the courage of YSR. Atleast TRS didn't dare overact under his rule
Exactly Can you imagine how little NHL they'd actually show if ESPN had the contract? Not to mention the piece.
Hang in there Deion. Your being tested. It will all be brought under the light. Stay strong!
Issue has been resolved with picture uploads! Apologies for the inconvenience!
Just 3 more hours to go
#SanDiego ladies get at me for #beerpong party!! Contact my team to enter the tournament.
Will someone brush my teeth for me so I can go to bed?
NO IM PROUD OF WHERE I CAME FROM..jk kay
Just lettin' you folks know that the stores that sold out of the vinyl are now restocked.
My kingdom for strong coffee right now. Damn sleep fairies let me down again.
IN THE THEATER OH MY GOD. FREAKING OUT HERE.
Wow is this for real? Lebrob hitting clutch shots? Holy fuck. The world is ending. Hahagaga
yeah Vin you really need to get going on that surprise hahahah
#RAZRMAXX Extra battery life? I'd paint the town MAXXimum red without stopping to juice up!
Had a gud day things r lookin up improving everydau
Mr. Smith is dressed like a hippy!! He looks funny!
Just got so pumped about taking my brother to see his favorite band, RHCP, this June as a grad present- too bad he'll be in Italy. 💩 poop.
were you at?
Yeah cuz these chicks need your help
So excited about my new mixtape. Today I am taking the time to promote it in the streets. I hope its not to wet outside..
Over-stimulation can cause #insomnia. Take away all distractions from the bedroom & practice aromatherapy to create a peaceful environment.
OKAY RT : "Let me show you how your pussy works!"
House Party Tip: Make sure you know EVERYONE who comes into your house, and have someone stand at the door to control who enters
I'mma laugh in my kitchen. And then make some chorizo and eggs with lots of cheese. And a pitcher of mimosas.
Fact: Pizza tastes better (and has fewer calories) when you share the "bones" with your dogs.
bring me cats and I'll let you take the couch! No job just school for me now. An internship will hopefully appear soon!
I <3 puma
Let the #leftovers begin!
Cool :P
YES IT SHOULD.
Oh my God, I want to get an iPhone now just for this case!
everything on this episode> 😂
Gotta love Hofer. Such a good guy :)
Day #1: Three coffees, soda, a giant red bull and blood pressure fairly normal...
Lmao!! That was genius! ;)
Don't miss Spring Awakening! Use promotional code "BELIEVE" to get 40% off tonight's show! unmtickets.com
damn the dancers on abdc are good af
hee, it's like a snuff photo. You're next, buddy! Have you tried their cherry porter? it's not portery at all, but is great.
Huh. Where does one buy steel-toed boots? needs them by tomorrow, so can't be online...Kohl's? Home Depot?
More people die from food poisoning, starvation & obesity than tornadoes, tsunamis & earthquakes. God takes better care of us than we do.
Wish I was jst doing photography full time. It's gonna happen by this next year. Thats a promise to myself & everyone who reads this! Lol
How r u a libertarian? Against gay marriage & ppl's rights but 4 expanding govt w/ full time salary positions. Makes no sense
Thanks to Willy's Mexicana Grill & Mellow Mushroom of Brookhaven for providing Open Arms dinner tonight.
This is probably stupid to everyone else but tomorrow is 5 months with
I've been getting every red light.
are you @ the bus stop ??
tell me about it sheesh RT: already bored of this whole summer nothing to do thing"
so mr sawa, do u believe in ghosts?? ever wanted to go on a ghost hunt??
Triton Report: Diving, Volleyball and More - San Clemente Times
Lol I know you do! I'll keep you posted so you can get urself a flight out here :)
Trust me, he will.
your tweets today,as usual, have cracked me up!
thanks aubrey!
What is needed, for progress to be made is the move based on the error. -Lewsis Thomas, The Medusa and the Snail.
Derrick Rose may return in early Feburary.
I love garlic fries. Also, I am vampire-proof. Go #SFGiants!
oh I'm sure it was - gotta love Monday mornings
LOL.. RT I hope Ron Artest starts a brawl in the Denver audience tonight.
Doesn't cover lost handsets, does it?
so much disaster research focuses on planning and mitigation but overlooks the human side of preparedness and recovery
The entire #Memphis airport smells like BBQ
where at?
... i'm not surprised haha! You and your Squatch watchers lol
Working on a mini stock pile of goods!! Just in case...
For you? Any time.
Congrats to and all my TinT friends for the N'Awleans marathon!
my mom tryna get me fired and take my job
geeking out on the new macbook pro =) any necessary apps i should get down on?
Be safe!!
i got alot on my mind about 12,798,676 things running through my mind right now
haha well lets hope so!
Practice tonight and not in the mood for the little kids energy -__-
Happy Repeal Day! On this day in 1933, Americans were able to purchase alcohol legally for the first time in 13 years. Cheers!
Thought: My life is chronicled on the internet. dA has poetry from when I was 13, fb has all of college, LJ has middle and high school...
Aw yeah! Gotta love #dubstep ♥
she rollin weed and she don't even smoke
Congrats if u guessed Charbonneau- enjoy $10 driving! (4 the record, we also think there should be a car named "on a beach run", )
Yup...watching the #bucks clinch a playoff spot.
1 hour delay due to dining car issue taking longer :-( conversations in lounge getting louder & irritating - need my roomette
Brody moving on to the Anti-Design Festival - created in reaction against the "if it won't sell it won't get made" mindset
hahaha! That would happen in our house, too!
Noah's Ark spotted traveling down I-5...Bruce has dry days in forecast....yeah!
how is the 30th?
Session Available! Gas Works Park - Friday, September 16th between 10am - 3pm. This is a TFCD photo shoot. You decide the wardrobe.
READ MY BIO FOR A FOLLOW BACK
I am just starting my own blog and could use some advice on content and getting people to actually read it! Keep in touch!
HUGE SHOW ON FRIDAY!!! Come out!
doing laundry...oh joy...Not!!!
Who's going to be the new coach. @ Binghamton , wow what timing....
Congratulations Jesmyn Ward (symposium 2009) whose novel Salvage the Bones comes out this month.
I'm a big fan of people () who really know what they're talking about!
"There are persons who, when they cease to shock us, cease to interest us."
that's definitely true
slide through like a nigga need a big cup of some lean nina on my hip hit a nigga in his spleen
"Many Waters/Many Floods" is only $4.99 on iTunes. If you have any friends looking for new music, tell them to pick it up.
no that's actually how it goes...
have a great day
Whos line is it anyway and catching up with > sleeping
In history, trying to study for Spanish. Twitter keeps interrupting me!
chillen brozay - same ol grind - sup with you?
Eco design pioneer Barbara Dornbush speaking June 17 11:30AM at Verde Home in Westside. Topic: Stylish green choices: A french perspective.
Ima MSG you my number
Yup...I would have benched Wade last night too. There was no point in having him on that court last night.
Looking forward to officially welcoming BYU & Tulsa tonight at our Team Announcement Party!
People who tweet about their every move. "I just took 20 steps. I'm hungry. I just poured myself some 2% milk." TAKE A BREAK!!!
idk yet but I'll let I know
We have a winner! Thanks for playing our third anniversary trivia. #OpFeed RT : Carrots, potatoes and onions?
The thoughtful came home with a SBux hot chocolate & Valentines cookie for me. So thankful for him & the little things. <333
RT : Nuggets join Thunder in teams interesting in Grizz center Hasheem Thabeet, sources say.
RT : If you're not dreaming bigger today you're getting smaller today.
Just found a hacky sack in my closet. Made my fuckin day lmao
ok thanks
Thank You Sir
and the weather is great for your special day!
Hit Mike Jones up on the low / cause Mike Jones about to blow! RT 281-330-8004
Made it back to LA!! Big shout out to all our new friends and fans made along the way! U all made this Tour a great success! See u soon
Topics I can live without over the next month: 1. Penn State 2. Laurent Robinson Q's! 3. Jackie Battle Q's
Final book manuscript submitted to publisher! Woot Woot!
she a creep unfollow her
Why pre-draft for Network? CBS not trying to promo ABC (ESPN), they want to capitalize on buzz & leverage reps
I feel that with passion. Follow back
#i hate when bitches talk shit but cant back it up
With and and the rest of the choir heading to River Gate Mall:)) We got a Superior trophy;)
Ugh JLo next week? It'll be like Madonna week all over again, one crew will get the only good song.
I know that LA people can't just sit by the Silver Lake Reservoir all day every day. Know that I am doing it for you, and you're welcome.
Homeless guy to nobody: "shut your mouth kid before I GD f you up." Me: "damn right."
thanks for the RTs!
To study abroad for +10g's or not to study abroad for +10g's
And the Ruby on Rails book by Patrick Lenz is great too. I have it open on my desk right now.
The awkmoment when your walking and texting and you see someone's shadow in the corner of your eye and you FLIPOUT just from being startled!
Cut me a check!!!!
- I Loved You in "Happythankyoumoreplease", and look forward to seeing more great work from you!
This is how I feel...
except that he runs slower than a baby crawls
Working until 8, then 11-2, spending time with Melissa before back to work for 10
“In developed countries, there is a burgeoning interest in teaching healthcare management,” says Herzlinger a Harvard Business School
HA! More like a stick of gum. :D I didn't invest though. ;)
Small victory: adding an item to our "Manuscript of the Month" page in Cold fusion!
“: Its a Secret Society All We Ask is Trust...” & Loyalty
Please DM me whom I should be aware of? ty
You my nigga but u gotta stop tryna violate Wade and bron lol
I'm finally over you.........I wish
I swear I think about #Success everyday
omg was it your 18th birthday???
Cristiano Ronaldo scores again in the final minute to make it Madrid 4 -1 CSKA Moscow
so ive got an 80% for my presentation not what i expected but hm not bad....
and I'm eating a breakfast sandwich and CHIPS!!
TY for the #FF mention and for being such a great supporter of your B!
Hello. Milwaukee starting to warm up. Rainy today.
Why didn't he layup with his left hand?
Game7. Our House. Bring your whiney ass Neil.
Luck been on my side real talk
Hey, I'd uh, take offense to that... if it weren't true.
One occupy member just offered council member dan besse a packet of grass seed to fix city hall lawn after they leave.
Oops loan
pssssht. Amateurs. I usually just burn mine in the barrel in my back yard.
glad they could figure it out for you! Sorry about that!
Rondo gettin up there and then he got swatted haha
Philharmonic last night, class with The Savvy Actor today! It is going to be a great weekend.
that's so sad!!
Okay Thursday, I'm sufficiently now caffeinated. Let's do this.
Super! We have a song on our to do list called Shaman!
Peyton I'm pretty sure they need another white boy..
watching the baseball game, eh? good move. btw, my Wings also lost today so I'm not happy either...
Hi! Quick question: how long does it take to un-suspend a Twitter acct? Sent ticket yesterday. Thnx!
can take you
Warning: this is hard (at least me being a guy) to watch.
save me some passsssghetttttttti!!!!!!
*hugs and prayers* for both of you.
thanks for the follow Danny.
Excited to tour Hoffman York with , , , ,
mdlbphyc Thanks for the RTs about the National Transition Conference.
#music (: Her songs are so inspiring<3
i hope everybody had a great easter !!!!! :-)
Glad you like Online Check-In. We appreciate your business.
I had to scrub off my makeup with a washcloth tonight cause I 4got my makeup remover at 's D; My face hurts now.
NEXT SHOW: Rookie of the Year w/ Mechanical Kids, Juneau, & Tyler Herrick! December 21st at Coffee House in downtown Madison!
I been listening to born and raised all day such a great album
You have another hour and 13 minutes to adjust you attitude today! ATTITUDE ADJUSTMENT HOUR: 3-6 TUE-SAT $1.00 off all drinks -1/2 off apps!
let's meet for an interview for in LA message me
nigga I was there lol the one with like 10 vending machine right ?
Austin is one of the nicest people. He just has the biggest heart.
just used my giftcard! Thanks so much!
Had a great time at the Downward Dog with some fellow librarians
omgawd it like everyday i hve to read on fcbk ''Well , Good Morning Cuties ; ) ♥'' like u say tha everyday '' Well buenos dia CABRON'' -_-
The odds of me watching #Americasgottalent is about the same as becoming a #bears fan
Joyeux Bastille Day! Get over here and enjoy our all day happy hour.
watching giuliana and bill and all this cancer talk is hitting so close to home.
Phoenix Marketing International joins other #financial services firms as a corporate sponsor for Oct 24th Network 4 a Cause
Cub's baby is two-ah!!
Sitting at a desk all day can cause lower and upper back and neck pain, hip pain, poor balance, and make you more prone to heart disease
Damn I forget about midterms everytime!
Nets done in NJ, ending a lifetime of ignoring them despite living 15 minutes from the stadium. Will have to take subway to ignore them now.
Are you coming out to your alma mater for a game this year? Better see you out here for OU game next yr
If it was easy, everyone would do it
I should have just RT'd everything SGR said.
wtf happened to twitter
well that's great!!!!!! lol
American Born Chinese by Gene Yang // Laugh-out-loud funny, inventive, plays with stereotypes & multiculturalism. Damn good!
Use Code RUSHPRINT for 10% discount on all printing @ www.Rushflyerprinting.com
Going home tomorrow to Vancouver, WA for a brief engagement. March 10 is my birthday and it's my granpa's too.
Sometimes I like to go onto Yahoo answers and let young teenagers know that you can't get pregnant if the girl is on top.
What! That sounds like the best kind of trip.
Heyy! How was the pool? I ended up catching up with an old friend today.
So long as you're still the same person I feel for, my feelings will never change.
Kid at on the border tried to show a fake Id, his downfall? Wearing a "coppell high school class of 2011" hoodie. Smh...
Momma's day is tomorrow. Do something nice for
Happy birthday T Gwynn, and many more!
You suck now
What do you mean?
Getting a LOT of callers asking about the circumference of the hot tamale bowl :( sorry, guys and gals.
All the luck in da world in the #BetterWithUTour! Love ya.
Q.) What's the difference between a writer and a 12=slice pizza? A.) A 12-slice pizza can feed a family of four.
Uhm Wow!.. you look Fantastic! :D ..just had to say that again:)
Getting the heart and the mind on the same page is a challenge; the heart, the mind AND the body? A hopeless cause.
Shut up Jon, I'm gonna come over there and kick your ass! I have been snorting cocaine and doing bicep curls all day to prepare
lol im just used to long walks, I guess. The heat isn't gonna be pleasant though
Know what's good? Marinate hot dogs in beer, then coat w/cornbread batter, then fry.
At the end of drinks my boss shakes my hand. ".. Breast Cancer" I realize it was money, slaps me, "Don't argue, just do it. Good luck."
watching your song Calling All The Monster nice video
Its called a brush
yup im pregnant cause i wear hoddies everyday. NO, shut the fuck up. stay outta my life. FUCK RUMORS,
you should call me on skype
Shit, just as I thought you had mother fucking changed, you throw this in my face. Douche Bag, get hit by a fucking bus.!
Can officially say follows me!!!!
We continue to strive for excellence in everything we do
omg really!!! Cool!
It's hard to say if there is any value in the direct message service of Twitter.. ::contemplates::
I suppose its totally coincidental that I repotted my plants on #EarthDay?
Thanks for the RT's! Hope you're having a great Monday.
Need to get my twitter game up
It appears that Gene Simmons and Shannon Tweed are now officially married. I hope he doesn't cheat on her.
The are moving to the AL West in 2013!! Can't tell if that'll help or not? Probably not!
maybe u have the wrong flavor tea LMAO! what up fam
;) RT : Sometimes all you need is a little to pump you up in the morning.
The game is on TV in #PDX! Thank the baby Jesus in his tiny little manger. Go Halos!
A dog is the only thing on earth that loves you more than you love yourself. Josh Billings
with my favorite colombian girl !
A tent equal sleep not no damn Cons Chey if that's the case why are we still together!!
no no no not yet, that's just to record in Atlanta
Thank you suzette!
I think you ask both "How did you feel" artists should be able to get feedback don't need ask if it "works"
Wow, Believe You Can!
oh. Keep scrolling. beautiful! What a treasure.
thank u sir
Oh yea!! Me and got that DosEquis on deck
and there's the popular you tube video "black and Jewish" sung to the same tune!!
a lot of people are, it seems like its just a crap shoot right now, keep checking in and shouting
doesn't matter you're there so its caliente ;D
Teacup pigs are out. It's all about pygmy goats. -
Thanks for the follow...got some dope tees!
Omg it is so friking hot out right now
Hey funny woman. Look forward to seeing you on Sunday!
The best feeling in the world! “: I'm a mommy! Calla Marjorie was born at 11:01am. She is in my arms now. Photos later!”
RT : He who has tact has less to retract.
Being filled with the presence of God give you energy that no cup of coffee or healthy meal can give you!
RT Feels like the most crowded a Super Bowl city has been on a Tuesday.. Can't imagine what I'll be like Friday, Saturday, Sun
Girl you know they random as hell...this was yesterday as I was wlkn to the dollar store ...lol
How is it when you take two people who are in love and make them one in marriage that the whole is greater than the parts?
The Real [FAKE] Housewives of Mexico City: It's the greatest spin-off show never conceived ... "The Real Housewives of Mexico City" -...
love this!
My first opportunity to post this but our auditions (Misty and I) were sent off earlier today for Army Wives. *fingers crossed*
laugh when I do something funny... Like get drunk enough to think about voting for
A best friend should love you like a mother, protect you like a father, talk to you like a sister, and fight with you like a brother.♥
lol really? :O
Loving tonight's thoughts from & Great mix of perspective, hope, anger & defiance. Is it tomorrow yet?
Beat his ass Puck.
Everything is going to be different this year...
Still in shock over that goal call. Regardless, big win. #NYR #NYY keep winning.
The lion that roars in the MGM logo is named Volney.
Oh, never mind, just on my Hootsuite. Weird.
Thank you!
Ha are from the West Side too!
First full day in my new house in Orlando!!!!! I love it so much!!!!!! So big! I love my mom, she has done so much for me!!! <3 u mom!!!
it will be great. Look for me in the movie.
Yep he stopped by work to give them to me. You don't get any!!!! ;)
Since you're sharing, video later? YouTube? YouP...?
#RavenNation is just devastated today...we all love Sizzle and we are looking at anything to boost morale
All that mammal gland stuff must have a whale of a mammalian attraction. This came to me in a flash!
#duh,winning xD
Newt dropping out Tuesday? That's $280000 more in Secret Service protection from taxpayers. Thanks Mr fiscal conservative.
Im Done Dealing with Certain Individuals
Thanks. That doesn't count the two invites I've already gotten and the two I went to in April.
Here's to peace and comfort to those in reflective mourning today; those touched personally and those with national spirit!
We're on our way to District 38 in New Jersey to do one last push before Election Day!
Social media causes what is referred to as FOMO -- The fear of missing out
Close by - Grafton!
I would really like to see Dane Cook in a pair of Chuck Norris Action Jeans.
If I take time out of my schedule for u...then ur pretty important
Taking a few hours to just chill out. It's so important to nourish yourself even when you think that there's no time.
oh yeah true
"Voldemort's mouth looks like my grandma after she takes her dentures out..." ROTFLMAO.
Singh/Pepsi: "Currently little incentive for brands/agencies to plan via agile mktg. Requires transparency"
Shower,then bed!!(: don't want to go to school tomorrow!/:
what? where?
Continue to help us raise initial funds, buy raffle tickets, now...$1!!!! All funding has come from Coleman and Grayson's personal accounts
Tks for the follow.
any time. Ha
Lord i give myself away so you can use me
umm , did just call you !
I wake up & check NBA.com and I see that Deron Williams has been traded to the Nets. Is this real life?
Happy new year
u said load
Writing new tunes!
Yep, sorry guys! Stickam isn't loading. We'll try to be back soon!
at 1st u weren't my fav but I have 2 say u were right abt every1 & r so strong , def love u now ! And of course :)
preach it
lol yea that shit is true we fucked niggas up for real. Those was the good ol days lol
. is stoked! RT Great lineup for Data Business Meetup tonight! in the house!
even tho you give me headaches 😁 I still love you 💜
we could of had it all... well, maybe 75 percent.
eating fast food and processed food is usually more expensive than making your own.
Play them one of our songs..... That will say it all ;)
done and done!
following #startupriot on twitter. looking for interesting companies, people, etc. any recommendations?
Don't b fake and you will find that someone
its early. my hormones jumping off the walls right now at work
Not right now thought
Loaded Coronas? Lol
I know but keep trying
Bye-bye Twitter. Hello Facebook! ^.^
Mike was the man
totally with you on that one! Boo
and In the morning, i conquer
Me and Kyle Frazier boutta paint Lubbock red!
I'll talk to the head honcho (Mr. D) tomorrow and see what he thinks!
Bubba Watson's shot was amazing, one of thet best shots to go down in history to win
yeah. But hey ima go to sleep bro. Have goodnight. Peace
I am an intern. I've been at goddard since 08. What project do you work on? I work on giovanni @ the ges disc
That was the type of 3rd quarter that was the trademark of the 2008 Celtics.
HELP THIS MAN OUT!
Thanks Josh! We're pumped. It's going to be a big year. Psyched to have you involved to get it right.
you like them too! woo woo
Oh boy <3
So my friend Justin is asking why you liked his comment. There's a very convoluted discussion about this right now...
I can feel the ocean breeze through the screen.
Michael Jackson
good luck with your race!
Way to go, #DrStevenZeitels at , for saving 's voice. 's singers are so lucky to have you!
Ha! Yes! That totally makes me want to like your page!
#why is there a bird in our class room.?!(;
Finally! Two down at once. Nap time!
That's a hot dress.
T-minus 2 days for ICTC's Class of 2014 application deadline!!
We appreciate all the love!
V.I.P poppin' bottles do it B.I.G
I Cried When Will Smith had to kill his dog in I Am Legend
No but I hope to soon - how is it? :D Looks beautiful!
A BIG Happy Birthday to my best buddy have a great one
Gorgeous photo!!!
We must accept finite disappointment, but we must never lose infinite hope
Working with the awesome crew today for an shoot! Stay tuned for more details when we launch in May!
I hate to break it to you...but we took that turn a LONG time ago
Offended? I took it as a compliment.
wow -- that didn't even make sense to me. how did nyjer get home so fast?
I wish i can have a evil alian cat(:
I wonder is there a street dude that's crazy enough to buy the Bently Truck! Dam! somebody's are going to pull it! i might SMH!
Going to chill at Adrianas casa tonight. I haven't seen my bff in forever lol
Good Luck Golden Bulls
Benefit Concert for Japan on 03/22, 7PM @ PSU Lincoln Hall. Free Admission, donations accepted for Mercy Corps. Ft. Portland Taiko & More!
Thanks! We'll check you guys out next time we need some furniture!
#MLB Baseball team Cincinnati Reds staying at Mayflower hotel in Farragut North #DC - playing #Nationals tomorrow night.
Anybody have any good cherry recipes to share?
Jack will be the counselor of the week, every week. I can't wait to visit you in NYC the Boston to NYC is cheap!
Gabe told me not to give up so I wnt
Opportunity+Setbacks+Perseverance=Success
Conquered the commuter bus today.
Blatant shoulder-to-head hit by Giroux. He'll be getting a call from Shanahan, definitely.
Do Yall Know What Spot In Bham Got The MayWeather Fight Going Tomoro Night?????
Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions. Small people always do that. ~Mark Twain
That takes some dedication to start writing at 19 like that! What is your HBO pilot in the works?
I love my kids so much. For them, I would lie, cheat, steal, or kill. Except the last 4.
im workinnnn on it
not saying I agree or disagree, this is what Bo has said about transferring in the past.
ha! Not this weekend...
Watching The Lion King <3 <3
Beers on the screened-in-porch.
actually we can hook up b4 the reception bc all my work must be up by July 1st! Thx 4 the support!
I loved the first season, can't wait for the next!
#Tebow to GreenBay? We do need a Running Back ha ha. But seriously can you imagine how good he could become under #Rodgers Tutelage?
What country leads one to be Moluccan?
Perhaps there's a reason beyond being upset that he's transferring. Then again, perhaps not.
ha! Reason prevails :-)
"Memory is a way of holding on to the things you love, The things you are, the things you never want to lose."
hahahha smokings bad for you anyway!
We are workin' on it Jeremy! Hope to have it to our OH moonshiners by Summer 2012! Shine responsibly!
I'm single but I'm always giving my friend's relationships advice.
this paper needs to write it self because me mind no longer wants to!
Edward Lewis at #sdsms says that he feels Facebook is dead compared to Twitter... What do you think? Rt to let us know...
We should trend something for Ariana. Any ideas?♥
Every time the Rabbi said the word God today, I kept wanting to yell "Name Of The Creator!" Seriously.
"We are all here for some special reason. Stop being a prisoner of your past. Become the architect of your future." -Robin Sharma via NP
8.6 on the richter scale is a big earthquake
New Follower heyy boy hey
It's not "misuse" of language if in a writer's voice, to their purpose
yeah. I don't know if I should avoid the area when I move or put it at the top of the list.
Blah going to bed.
Nathan Ryan<3 follow me?(:
#nowfollowing ..... follow back
We are real people. :P Also, now that all the videos are uploaded, feel free to check it out!
Sitting here watching the playoffs....
I know! Im just so....SO JEALOUS!!... I wish you could get his autograph for me if he was there this year!
Roll Out Of Bed Perfect... So I Know It's Real;)
Yea, get that color bro females feel it!! I got a fresh ass shirt that color!!
"Education is when you read the fine print; experience is what you get when you don't." Pete Seeger
Wise & knowledgeable people never define themselves by the accoutrements, trappings, or characteristics of a particular social class!
he's clearly better than last year how can that be disappointing?
Ah better write me back )':
dunno s nole looks very sharp. Pico is in some deep doodoo I think.
Sorry about that! Pls try my other tweet: "Life's Insatiable Hunger..."
If these homophobic politicians really wanted to protect marriage they would fight against divorce rather than gay marriage.
Santorum Runs From Record on Fannie, Freddie Housing Goals
Theres a person on instagram pretending to b Niall saying he is dating this girl. I just want to RIP THEIR FACE OFF! Posers are my
Was momentarily excited to see a new primetime show with ted allen until I realized that it was actually tim allen
Dump her on her head, bro.....
I really like the Weary Traveler. Nice to be back in Madison.
yay I'm sick of seeing and hearing one direction and I don't even like one direction either
Love life,engage in it,give it all you've got. Love it with a passion,because life truly does give back,many times over,what you put into it
#iowa picks corn, #new hampshire picks
Want to be inspired? Go to an art museum or art gallery. Then just look. Take your time. Prepare to be inspired!
Impromptu Tuesday night fun night water
Are you looking in a specific area of SEA? We're not part of RW but we'd love to have you!
why aren't you famous yet??
Social media will fade into a seamless integration of communication tools embedded around us.
And I'm just a toy to you.
Although lacking defense this #RoseBowl game is much more interesting than LSU-Bama round one. That game was an SEC stinker.
<3 the quote you emphasized: “the problem the player is asked to solve should be difficult, interesting, & even addicting.”
yes please! Thanks!
Top marketing word "smart!" Goggle it and see how smart I am!
I hate after drawing for over an hour ... I reaffirm with myself that I don't like my "style"... Try again tomorrow :/
Can you come to the event tonight? #GGHH tonight! 's! see you soon!
not exactly an "upgrade" RT : Life's been a blur this year, but didn't I just upgrade to Firefox 4 a few weeks ago?
Tell your hubby that I know he's been sleeping in Satan's bed.
I'm done with football lol
it was amazing to sleep for 11 hours :)
ah, f'real! lotsa blackbeard in my diet recently, and just found the dope janet kay LP on saturday
Phil Collins comes on the moment I enter this thrift store.
Thanks! RT : ..... Wishing you all best as you start your #Whole30!
New twitter account :) will be beginning to use this more :)
happy mothers day everyone!
I love it. Especially when you check in on that bridge. And b/c I like knowing where you are at all times.
we're happy that you're excited! :)
very well played sir!!! He will be a raider in a year
Even death is not to be feared by one who has lived wisely.~Buddha
If the don't have a "closer" then what do you call ?
After sex tell your girlfriend you got your baby mama pregnant
: At least we agree on the Yanks! :)
Forget Groundhog Day tomorrow, I declare today Giraffe Day and spring is here in B-TOWN!
Thanks for the good rec to tweet about our use of biodegradable corn-based forks at tonight's class mtg.
everyone keeps saying that ctfu but i love it!! Its my new tat idea!!!!!
Time for me to get back to my to do list! ;) What new goal / task have you set for yourself this week?
Reading Eliot's "Four Quartets" in memory of Theo Angelopoulos. "In my end is my beginning."
Screw the law we just some mother fukkin kids.
#YouWannaImpressMe respect Justin Bieber and I'll be impressed alright ;)
Just because it's 4:20 somewhere
Happy birthday
Setting goals includes determining your dream or vision. What do you want more than anything else? Now let's see how to get it!
55% of people yawn within 5 minutes of seeing someone else yawn. Reading about yawning makes most people yawn. #odd facts
At Books-A-Million :)
No worries there- I can send you the file. Are you PC, OS X or Linux?
Austin convention center evacuated?? Anybody know what's going on?
seriously? You switch 88 DTC channel to the 17 for the last restart? WTF?
It is a cool product : - presenting at #webinno - offers a better UX for teachers for virtual education.
#seetheworld let's do this people! Get a passport and let's go!
don't know. I would think at least 8:30 or 9...You coming?
me too, they're so interesting
Requring shared root to manage accnts and not allowing read only accnts to change pw is
First night in #Denver was off the chain!!! It's gonna be a GREAT weekend here at the Improv!!
Everyday is a new beginning stay away from what might have been and look at what can be.
New CandySwipe FREE game comment in the #android market: "I love this game." by Verneshia
If you give up...You may miss out on the best part of your life.
I'm the Brahmin, call me daddy,
I want to meet ceaser millaaaan!!!!!
Not gonna lie I'm lovin this rental ford focus hatchback
I want a guy to come swoop me off my feet who likes to take random trips on the weekend by just surprising me and saying "baby lets go...."
Yes, sorry about that! It's the 22nd.
you've been following and RT a lot of people so I an gonna give it a shot..follow me??
no problem babe lol
I DID!
You thought that was gonna work?
So disappointed with my pizza last night! The Montague’s All Meat Marvel was more like a Sparsely Placed Meat Failure!
Or ever, haha.
You know you're bad at bowling when you get called out by the girl cleaning up
oh yeah. I don't even like people my age. They be lame af. Haha
George Steinbrenner died of a massive heart attack today? Should the Yankees stay in Anaheim to play or go back to NY??
#BadCauldronSongIdeas Barracuda by Heart? That'd be a helluva stretch.
big red is teaching our class
please me and my daughters want this More Than This tweet could ever say :)
Make sure to follow us on twitter
Thanks! We're always working on making it better. RT : very impressed so far! Well done.
I'll be in TC remember???
Anne, you are a serious twitterer
I'm new to Twitter. So I'm starting another business. I'm getting everything ready today.
rather, follow me real quick so I can shoot you a DM pretty plz
Took a midnight walk to the site of JFK's 1963 Peace Speech. Great place to think and reflect
Hey, if you guys are ever in need of a graphic designer who loves Mars and Science I'm your man :)
Yeah im omw now
it's Friday!!
So Tomorrow is 11/11/11, will you do anything to mark that "milestone" ... buy a lotto ticket maybe?
Now offering Wallet Sized LAMINATED Auto Insurance ID cards 4 existing clients! Just send a request 2 if u want one!
Best part of #Superbowl46 was that not everyone was mad at Bradshaw for not sitting on the 1yd line. Bryant had to be estatic!!
Looks like ima need get on some birth control when my boo get out.
#yobitv makes up songs all the time. We have no idea when he's actually serious about a song being a song.
follow me and ill follow u back but only if u like austin mahone one direction and us tin bieber
See you all at MP Saturday. 204, row 4 S 25. Come visit
Anyone gotta Xbox 360 and play mw3 :)?
RT #Quote Do not fear death, fear the unlived life. -Natalie Babbitt
Truth gets higher ratings than fiction! I have some unbelievable true crime stories to share!
In Carlton bldg. Student: Do you know where Duke 108 is? Wanted to say: In the Duke building. Didn't.
RT : "#BFPG just hit 305 members. Who says that functional programming isn't practical, real or interesting!" <- Nice work!
Learning new things about my industry is inspiring and energizing!
I guess the universe has a sick sense of humor. Go Pats!
I love your Style and share your love of Lia Sophia!
You are welcome. :-)
not too awesome: getting up at 4:15 to get your long run in before work. pretty awesome: finishing the back 7 in sub-9:00 pace.
You bet!
If you insist on using Papyrus in your presentation, I will spend your entire presentation evaluating your use of Papyrus.
Strongly agreed!
#TEAMFOLLOWBACK Why isn't #TweetingDuringSex a super hot trend on here b/c I thought for SURE it would be. SO LET'S MAKE IT! RETWEET!
I'm not a hipster, I'm saved.
Technically this is the encore of that performance. Most Rush shows are 3-5 years long, including non-musical interludes.
Congrats to #UDHoops Soph forward, Joe Stephens on being selected All-SCAC Honorable Mention!
Hey Boyes, great game today! Timing.... not really your thing?
@ the hotel with my close homies n UP in BK blowingg it down just maccin shout out to them wrd
Goodnight world. DB loves you.
Yea Lebron doesnt play like he wants it. Like he used to.
Thanks for sharing about Johnny. I wish him the best, even after all the mistakes. So sad to see his talent go unused.
When I was single i'd have 2 buy a new 4-pack of toilet paper once a month. Married, its about every 5 days.
I'm a little uncomfortable writing this, but I do cringe at the thought of what Mitt might have done to his dog if it was gay.
Can't wait to start drinking tonight while watching Role Models.
Old and slow guys bunting = Brewers 2012! Catch the fever......
Here @ the US Open bout 2 wch the men, Djokovic vs Petzschner
yup double but I'll be off early tonight like 8.
I'm late lol....wat it do tho stranger?.
Yay, both boys are napping! MOMMY TIME!
Be nice to see yall festival again. You killed it a few years ago! Hope all is well and keep rockin
Rob Lowe in "Knife Fight" is a near perfect blend of Sam Seaborn and Chris from "Parks and Rec." He literally says "lit-terally."
hair at night: lets be beautiful and shit. Hair during day: you go there, you stand up, you curl, you go opposite direction, you look frizzy
Loved having you beautful ladies join us!
I'm so depressed. I don't know if I'll b teaching at my school next yr. A whole generation of changemakers lost. U suck
RT : Young The Giant at Party In The Park? I can get behind that
Dovestech has submitted its cloud-based data processing proposal to the Department of Defense (Navy) for a three month review.
who is?
I have supported Lugar for the past 24 years and I considered giving Mourdock my support
I wish you the best...
yep and back at it again.
Good morning friends! I hope you're doing well :) Swing by #SUBWAY for lunch and turn a good day into a great day!
Will u be my hunky Jesus?
Even your parents lol
This weekend >>> I can feel it already
just wait lol your getting it.
The invisible hand of the marketplace jerks off aristocrats until they finally die in the midst of self-love.
's icon is life.
we just had one a few weeks back....hopefully we will be back soon! wish you the best yo
Colombia is with an 'o'...“: We now ship to 4 countries in South America (fist pump). Please welcome Columbia to the Stunner Family”
#GutsiestMovesYouCanMake Giving a cat a bath.
Coffee after 5 was a TERRIBLE idea.
